          The Gospel Of
the Riser of the family of Mohammed
  Abdullah Hashem Aba Al-Sadiq




            First edition
              (2022) AD
Copyright © 2022 Abdullah Hashem


All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form
or by any electronic or mechanical means, without the prior written permission of the publisher, except in
the case of brief quotations in critical reviews and other non-commercial uses permitted by copyright law.


ISBN: 978-1-7392629-0-7


First Edition: December 2022

The Ahmadi Religion of Peace and Light

www. theahmadireligion.org
     To God, whom there is no God but Him,
whom all works should be dedicated to Him alone.
Foreword


For thousands of years, sacred scriptures have played a pivotal role in shaping societies, economies,
cultures, languages, religions, politics, civilizations, and empires. They have provided epic narratives
to help us on our journeys of identity, exploration of ideas, and nurturing relationships. From the
Bhagavad Gita to the canonical Semitic scriptures like the Holy Bible and the Holy Qur’an, to lesser
known scriptures and gnostic manuscripts often deemed apocryphal by orthodox religious
authorities; humanity has negotiated, navigated, and even contested its relationship with the Divine
and each other through these sacred texts.
      Each of these books, without exception, were compiled and collected after its principal author(s)
had long departed the earthly realm. What began as face-to-face, chest-to-chest, highly situated, oral
communications rooted in embodied, organic relationships became xed and detached words
removed from their original context. As a result, these words became disembodied,
decontextualized, and quite frankly incomplete. Even if the words of God’s chosen ones were
recorded verbatim, there was and still is something missing. The written word is inherently
incomplete when it comes to conveying the full scale of meaning. Critical questions remain: How
were these words uttered? What was the context? What were the relationships between the
interlocutors? What were the power dynamics at work? What were the intended meanings being
conveyed?
      For centuries, experts of language, rhetoric, and communication have demonstrated how much
non-verbal actions and gestures are essential dimensions of communication and thought.1 When it
comes to the existing holy scriptures, none of this information is available to later generations. Even
if we had access to digital recordings (which we don’t), we would still be limited in making sense of
these words. Three years of pandemic life should clearly make us keenly aware of the gaps in
digitized interactions and appreciate the importance of social interaction and embodied
communication. This gap in communication between God’s chosen ones and their adherents has
undoubtedly led to uncertainty and confusion amongst the people. A gap that has only increased
over time to the point where the original communications, intentions, and meanings have been
e ectively lost at best and intentionally manipulated for worldly gain at worst.
      Many of the signi cant religious con icts and civil wars have been between adherents of the
same literal text(s).2 From the Judean Wars between the Pharisees and Sadducees (93 B.C. to 87

1
    McNeill, D (1992). Hand and mind: What gestures reveal about thought. University of Chicago Press.
2
    To clarify, research shows that most of the world’s bloodshed has not had religion as a primary cause. According to the
    Encyclopedia of Wars, out of all 1,763 known/recorded historical con icts, 121, or 6.87%, had religion as their
    primary cause. Axelrod, Alan; Phillips, Charles, eds. (2004). Encyclopedia of Wars (Vol. 3). Facts on File.
    pp.1484–1485 “Religious wars.” Nevertheless, these religious con icts have been consequential in delaying the
    establishment of the Divine Just State promised by each religious tradition.
                                                     Foreword



B.C.) to the Battle of Karbala between the Umayyads and Imam Al-Hussein’s Family and
Companions (680 A.D.) to the more recent European wars of religion or Wars of the Reformation
that began after the Protestant Reformation in 1517, each of these con icts were battles for the
correct interpretation and de nitive word of God. Generally, these battles were between those who
claimed their divine authority through elections of self-appointed religious         gures, and the
minorities who claimed their authority through a written Will or public con rmation by the
preceding Prophet widely known at the time. As a result, myopic dogmatism, literalism, alienation,
and authoritarianism replaced an authentic, empathic, and intimate relationship with God. Thus,
humanity was left with “incomplete words.”
      Orthodox religious authorities, generally self-appointed and backed by state power, throughout
the course of history have tried to solve this problem through standardization of divine scriptures.
Whether it was the Masoretes (Jewish scribe-scholars) standardizing pronunciation of the Torah
beginning in the 5th century C.E., or Constantine assembling the Council of Nicea in 325 C.E. to
standardize the Bible and destroy all manuscripts deemed “deviant,” or the Caliph Othman burning
all “the deviant” manuscripts of the Qur’an less than twenty years after the death of Mohammed
(PBUH & His Family), the standardization of God’s words in black ink on white paper has come
with some bene ts but also serious costs. The Qur’an states, “And even if We had sent down to you,
[O Mohammed], a written scripture on paper and they touched it with their hands, the disbelievers
would say, ‘This is not but obvious magic.’ ”3
      To this contentious conversation comes The Goal of the Wise: The Gospel of the Riser of the
Family of Mohammed. The word Ġāyāẗ (‫ )ﻏﺎﯾﺔ‬in the Arabic language signi es the ultimate purpose
and goal, a question every religion and philosophy has tried to answer. This is a Book that is both a
continuation and a clari cation of previous communications between The God and His creatures.
Its uniqueness lies in a fundamental claim common to all the previous Prophets and Messengers of
God. From Adam to Noah to Abraham to Moses to Jesus to Mohammed (PBUT), all of them
claimed to be appointed by God based on the recorded Will of their predecessor. Each brought
knowledge/signs to prove it, namely the Will (from their predecessor), Divine Knowledge, and
calling to the Supremacy of God. Those who were contemporaries of the Prophets and Messengers
were inspired by the knowledge which led to spiritual and material transformations. However, over
time, this e ect became diluted and dimmed because they didn’t recognize the living, appointed
Prophet and Messenger of their time. It was like having a pharmacy lled with drugs and antidotes
but no pharmacist, or a school lled with books but no teachers. Anyone reading The Goal of the
Wise should thoroughly scrutinize this matter. Ask yourself, is this knowledge purely from God?
This is the foundation upon which this Book stands.
      The Goal of the Wise is backed by the divine authority (Wilayat) of Imam Mahdi, his successor
Al-Yamani Ahmed Al-Hassan, and penned by the Companion of Egypt, Abdullah Hashem, Aba

3
    The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 6 (Al-Anaam), Verse 7
                                                     Foreword



Al-Sadiq who are alive, accessible, and with us in the esh in this time and age. Its author(s) have
claimed their divine successorship via the written Will of the last major known successor of God,
Prophet Mohammed son of Abdullah (PBUH & His Family) born in 570 C.E. and died in 632
C.E.4 A document that is available in at least eleven major authoritative sources of the Twelver Shia
Muslims. Since the apparent occultation of the 12th Imam began over eleven hundred years ago,
history has not recorded anyone claiming their authority via the written Will of Mohammed
(PBUH & His Family). There have been a number of claimants (false Mahdis, Messiahs, etc.);
however, none have claimed to be the prophesized successors named in this Will or any will for that
matter. The Will is a document which Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) promised, “shall never
lead you astray.” This living divine authority is the rst point that distinguishes this Book from any
other written, sacred book currently available to humanity. We can directly access its author(s)
without any intermediary. We can ask them questions to clarify, expand, and explain. We can even
challenge them with our current understanding, so they can practically demonstrate the divine
origin of their knowledge.
    The Goal of the Wise is a synthesis of conversations taken place between Imam Mahdi, the
Yamani, the Companion of Egypt, as well as their companions over the last two decades. It includes
dialogues with companions who have remained steadfast in this path, some who turned away and
returned, and others who turned away but have yet to return. This Book is a living reminder that
the doors of God’s mercy are always open for anyone whose ardent desire is God and the
Messengers of God.
    The second distinguishing point is The Goal of the Wise provides a framework, a language, and a
discourse for resurrecting a lost conversation in this time and age. The Holy Qur’an states, “And We
did not send any Messenger except in the language of his people in order to clarify for them, and God
sends astray whom wills and guides whom wills. And He is the Exalted in Might, the Wise.”5 The
Goal of the Wise is both a continuation of God’s previous communications with the creation as well
as a correction of previous consequential distortions in the name of God and His Messengers
(PBUT). It is written in the language(s) of this time and its principal author Abdullah Hashem,
Aba Al-Sadiq, the Companion of Egypt foretold by the Ahlul-Bayt is an Egyptian-American, a
borderless personality, a hybrid Messenger for hybrid times.
    The Goal of the Wise consists of forty-two chapters, or Doors beginning with the foundational
idea of the Book and in particular the rst seven Doors: The Covenants established between God
and humanity. The emphasis on the idea of a Covenant speaks to the nature, function, and
ultimate purpose of our creation. It is the Rock on which our bond with God rests. As Moses
(PBUH) proclaims in his last call and nal Will, “Give ear, O heavens, let me speak; Let the earth hear
the words I utter! May my discourse come down as the rain, My speech distill as the dew, Like showers
4
  This doesn’t mean that the world has been free of divinely appointed guides during this period which is clari ed in
  the Book.
5
  The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 14 (Ibrahim), Verse 4
                                                      Foreword



on young growth, Like droplets on the grass. For the name of ‫ יהוה‬I proclaim; Give glory to our God!
The Rock!—whose deeds are perfect, Yea, all God’s ways are just; A faithful God, never false, True and
upright indeed.”6
    We learn that with each major Covenant that God made with humanity, there was a breaking of
the Covenant followed by a punishment, or a divine withdrawal. In other words, God’s restorative
justice acts to recalibrate humanity. This leaves humanity in a state of purposeful wandering in
order to help us develop our minds and souls, nd the more correct words, and reach our ultimate
purpose: the knowing of God through deeply knowing and serving one another. In other words, we
are to become more than just a believer, more than a Prophet, more than a Messenger, more than an
Imam even. We are to become God in Creation. Ultimately, this process comes down to words, not
just in the literal sense, but in the co-creation of stories of empathy and pursuing the highest
pathways of shared love, generosity, and meaning-making. Thus, our lives are a process of moving
from incomplete words toward more complete words. If God is the Author of all creation, He is
inviting humanity to be co-authors, collaborators, and co-designers in His grand plan. This is
followed by the topics of knowing the celestial bodies, reincarnation, transmigration of the soul,
and soul family. These topics mirror the upward and inward gaze of every person towards the
celestial bodies when they wonder about who they are, where they truly come from, and what is
their rightful place and purpose in the vast universe.
    As The Goal of the Wise demonstrates, we clearly see this cosmic pattern unfolding following the
break of each of the Covenants followed by a restorative healing process. Adam (PBUH) wasn’t just
taught “the names of all things” in a super cial sense, but our true spiritual identities, incarnations,
and reincarnations (Raj’a). The clari cation of the meaning of Raj’a (‫ )رﺟﻌﺔ‬is one of the major
signs of the divine authority.7 In addition, we learn the true meaning of the Tree of Knowledge, the
consequence of eating the forbidden fruit, the reason for Adam and Eve’s original exile from the
Garden of Eden, the path of return, and the true location of the Garden of Eden, a place right here
on Earth. Many of the ambiguous metaphors and symbols of the past scriptures are clari ed
throughout the Book leading to a more cohesive narrative that connects the dots across previously
disparate scriptures. It is a ful llment of the verse, “Though I have been speaking ﬁguratively, a time
is coming when I will no longer use this kind of language but will tell you plainly about my Father.”8
This symbology, or science of the signs, is another distinguishing feature of this Book.
    We discover how each of the Covenant Messengers made errors in judgment that God used to
reveal additional nuances of our spiritual development and our path toward perfecting our
relationship with God. For example, in the Noahic Covenant, we learn the true meaning of the
Mountain in which one of his sons takes refuge: a false claimant to divine knowledge, the
non-working scholar.
6
  The Holy Bible, Book of Deuteronomy, Chapter 32, Verses 1-4
7
  Ra’jah is the Arabic term for return or reincarnation to this world.
8
  The Holy Bible, Book of John, Chapter 16, Verse 25
                                                      Foreword



We learn that Noah (PBUH) despite a millennium of dutiful patience and delays in the promised
     ood, should never have asked God for a ood: “Never again will I bring doom upon the world on
account of what people do, though the human mind inclines to evil from youth onward.”9
      The transition from Covenant to Covenant also shows the developmental process as humanity
moves through the various stages of growth: 1) Belief; 2) Prophethood; 3) Messenger; 4) Imam; and
ultimately 5) God in Creation. We learn throughout the Book that to become God in Creation is to
manifest divine qualities and re ect God’s in nite light until there is less and less obstruction (i.e.
the Self). This is explicated in Doors concerning the Nature of Reality, Light & Darkness, and the
Human Ego.
      We learn about unseen cosmic forces that impact our lives such as the role and function of
Archangels, Jinn, Death, the reality of Heaven & Hell, the Source of Evil, and Alien and
Extraterrestrial life. The Book delves into salient topics to help us better understand our gnostic
capacities and higher cognitive functions such as the reality of dreams, lucid dreaming, past life
memories, and other aspects of mindfulness and complete self-actualization. These topics
collectively help us better understand the cosmic context of our existence. Like all previous
Prophets and Messengers (PBUT) who were commissioned to perfect human character and ethics,
the Door on Morals and Manners provides practical guidelines for humanity under the Seventh
Covenant.
      As knowledge and humanity’s relationship deepened from Covenant to Covenant, humanity
moved closer and closer to its ultimate purpose. The Goal of the Wise serves as a divine invitation
into the Seventh, nal, and complete Covenant with humanity. The Seventh Covenant is not based
on geography, local languages, and customs like the previous six Covenants. It is a universal
Covenant with the souls. “And they ask you, [O Mohammed], about the soul. Say, ‘The soul is of the
aﬀair of my Lord. And mankind have not been given of knowledge except a little.’ ”10 The answer to
this fundamental question that was unanswered fourteen hundred years ago, has now arrived in The
Goal of the Wise. Is this Book the nal complete word(s) of the Absolute God? Absolutely not,
because the knowing of The God is continuous, in nite, and beyond nite words. No written
scripture whether with black ink on white paper, or electronic fonts on a screen can ever be nal.
The Goal of the Wise represents an authentic divine renewal, a new beginning that will reveal the
remaining twenty- ve letters of knowledge so that humanity can continue perfecting its
contemplation of the Divine and embracing a more intimate relationship with God and His
creatures.
      The Goal of the Wise is a Gospel for apocalyptic times, bringing more transparency and
authenticity to our collective understanding of the heavens and earth. Its ultimate message is one of
radical redemption. Indeed, humanity is destined to ful ll its ultimate purpose: to repair the world


9
    The Holy Bible, Book of Genesis, Chapter 8, Verse 21
10
    The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 17 (Al-Isra), Verse 85
                                             Foreword



through reconciliation with the absolute source of all through recognition of the Philosopher King
of every age and realizing Plato’s Republic, the Divine Just State.


                                                          Aria Razfar
                                                          Professor of Education & Linguistics
                                                          University of Illinois Chicago
Doors


      Foreword

      doors

1.    The First Covenant with Adam (PBUH)                               1

2.    The Second Covenant with Noah (PBUH)                             13

3.    The Third Covenant With Abraham (PBUH)                           27

4.    The Fourth Covenant With Moses (PBUH)                            43

5.    The Fifth Covenant With Jesus (PBUH)                             63

6.    The Sixth Covenant with Mohammed (PBUH & His Family)             85


7.    The Seventh Covenant with Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace)    99

8.    The Celestial Bodies                                            127

9.    Reincarnation                                                   139

10.   the Transmigration of the Soul                                  145

11.   the Soul Family                                                 155

12.   the Reality of the Crucifixion of Jesus Christ                  165

13.   the Resurrection of Jesus Christ                                173

14.   the Nature of Reality                                           185

15.   Light and Darkness                                              193

16.   the Human Ego                                                   201

17.   The Archangels                                                  209

18.   the Jinn                                                        219

19.   Death                                                           231

20.   Heaven and Hell                                                 241

21.   the Source of Evil                                              255

22.   Karma                                                           265

23.   The Reality of Memories                                         273
                                           Doors



24.   Dreams, Thoughts and Imaginations             283

25.   Alien Life & Extraterrestrials                297

26.   Maskh and the Wonders of the Animal Kingdom   321

27.   The Incomplete Words                          331

28.   Morals and Manners                            351

29.   the Corruption of the Qur'an                  365

30.   the Events of the Rise                        383

31.   the Lost Years of Jesus Christ                391

32.   The Antichrist Dajjal and Baphomet            409

33.   The Divine Just State                         435

34.   The Riser                                     451

35.   The Yamani                                    463

36.   Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family)                481

37.   the Story of the Forty Men                    497

38.   Tests                                         511

39.   Egypt                                         535

40.   The testament of Aba Al-Sadiq                 567

      acknowledgments                               594

      glossary                                      596

      About the religion                            600

      bibliography                                  602

      Image credits                                 605
                  Door Number One


The First Covenant with Adam (PBUH)




“And indeed We made a covenant with Adam before, but he
  forgot, and We found on his part no ﬁrm will-power.”
                                           The Goal of the Wise


        Then God said, “Let us make mankind in our image, in our likeness, so that they may
        rule over the ﬁsh in the sea and the birds in the sky, over the livestock and all the wild
        animals, and over all the creatures that move along the ground.” So God created
        mankind in his own image; in the image of God he created them; male and female he
        created them. God blessed them and said to them, “Be fruitful and increase in
        number; ﬁll the earth and subdue it. Rule over the ﬁsh in the sea and the birds in the
        sky and over every living creature that moves on the ground.” Then God said, “I give
        you every seed-bearing plant on the face of the whole earth and every tree that has fruit
        with seed in it. They will be yours for food. And to all the beasts of the earth and all the
        birds in the sky and all the creatures that move along the ground—everything that has
        the breath of life in it—I give every green plant for food.” And it was so. God saw all
        that he had made, and it was very good. And there was evening, and there was
        morning—the sixth day.1

                  he story of humanity’s relationship with its Creator is the story of a Covenant. For
                  when He created Adam (PBUH), He entered into a Covenant with him. A
                  Covenant means a Will. For whenever a father makes a Covenant with his son or
                  when he leaves with his son his Will, in both cases, the Covenant and the Will are
legal declarations of the father’s wishes in regards to the disposal of his property and a airs. God
chose and appointed Adam as a King upon creation and made him responsible over the a airs of
the Garden of Eden. God declared to Adam that he may eat from any tree, plant, or fruit he wished,
except for one tree that would be forbidden for him. So the Will of the Creator upon Adam
(PBUH) was for Adam to become His successor on Earth and God made obedience to Adam
obligatory upon everyone, and God took a Covenant from Adam (PBUH) that he takes care of His
land, and God made everything permissible for Adam except for one tree. That tree in the Qur’an is
called The Tree of Immortality and in the Torah and Gospels it is called The Tree of Knowledge of
Good and Evil. God gave Adam (PBUH) a single command and a single prohibition. He
commanded him to multiply and forbade him from the tree.
    Adam (PBUH), however, disobeyed the Will of God and broke the Covenant by eating from the
forbidden tree. Imam Al-Askari (From Him is Peace) said regarding the verse of the Qur’an: “ ‘And
do not approach this tree.’ It is the tree of knowledge of Mohammed and the Family of Mohammed,
(PBUH & His Family).”2 Imam Al-Ridha (From Him is Peace) said: “It is not like the trees of the
world.”3
    So where was the Garden of Eden located? In regards to the location of the Garden of Eden,
Imam Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace) clari ed it by saying: “ ‘And We said O Adam, abide you and

1
  The Holy Bible, Book of Genesis, Chapter 1, Verses 26-31
2
  Exegesis of Al-Imam Al-Askari (PBUH), Attributed to Al-Imam Al-Askari, p. 221
3
  Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 11, p. 165


                                                        2
                                the First covenant with Adam (PBUH)



your wife in the Garden.’ This was one of the gardens of this world, a sun would rise upon it and a
moon, and if it were from the gardens of the hereafter, Adam would have never exited from it nor
would Satan have been able to enter into it.”4 Thus, we can conclude that the Garden of Eden was
on the Earth; however, the trees in it were not like the trees of the Earth. The word “tree” is an
allegory or symbol for something else. So what does the tree represent?
    In one of the prayers narrated from the Ahlul-Bayt (From Them is Peace) we read: “We are the
tree of Prophethood and the location of the message and we are the place that the angels return to…”5
We also see that in reference to the tree in the Qur’an, God states: “Have you not considered how
Allah presents an example, [making] a good word like a good tree, whose root is ﬁrmly ﬁxed and its
branches [high] in the sky?”6 It is clear that the word “tree” is a metaphor for words, and the
complete words of God are Mohammed and the Family of Mohammed (From Them is Peace).
Furthermore, the Holy Household of the Prophet interpreted the good tree to be Mohammed and
the Family of Mohammed (From Them is Peace), and they interpreted the cursed tree in the
Qur’an to also not be like the trees of the Earth, but rather, they interpreted it to be the Umayyad
dynasty.7 Therefore, we may conclude from all this that the tree which Adam (PBUH) approached
and which he was forbidden from was not a literal tree at all, but rather it pointed to a person.
    It was narrated from Ibn Abdus who narrated from Ibn Qutaiba who narrated from Hamdan
ibn Sulaiman who narrated from Al-Harwi who said:


        I said to Al-Ridha (PBUH): “O son of the Messenger of God, tell me about the tree
        that Adam and Eve ate from, what was it? People have diﬀered regarding this; some
        have said that it was wheat, others have said it was a grape tree, and others state that it
        was the tree of envy.” So he replied: “All of that is true.” So I said: “What does it mean
        that all the plants and trees that I mentioned are similar even though they are
        diﬀerent?” So he said, “O Aba Al-Salt, the trees of the garden carried diﬀerent types of
        fruit, so it was a wheat tree and it had in it grapes and it was not like the trees of the
        Earth, and verily when God honored Adam (PBUH) by commanding the angels to
        prostrate to him and by making him enter the garden, Adam said to himself: ‘Did
        God ever create a human being better than me?’ And God knew what fell into his
        heart, and so God called upon him and said, ‘O Adam, raise your head and look at the
        leg of my throne.’ And so Adam looked up and found that it was written on the leg of
        God’s throne: ‘There is no God but God, and Mohammed is the Messenger of God, Ali
        ibn Abi Talib is the Prince of the Believers and his wife Fatimah is the Mistress of all
        the Women of the Worlds, and Al-Hassan and Al-Hussein (PBUT) are the Masters of

4
  Tafsir Al-Qummi, Ali ibn Ibrahim Al-Qummi, Vol. 1, p. 43
5
  Nahjul-Balagha, Sermons of Imam Ali, Vol. 1, p. 215
6
  The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 14 (Ibrahim), Verse 24
7
  Tafsir Noor Al-Thaqalayn, Al-Shaikh Abdul Ali Aroussi Al-Howayzi, Vol. 3, p. 179


                                                        3
                                               The Goal of the Wise


           the Youth of Paradise.’ And so Adam (PBUH) said: ‘O Lord, who are those?’ God
           responded, saying: ‘They are descendants of yours to come and they are better than you
           and better than all of My creation and if it were not for them, I would not have
           created you nor would I have created heaven or hell nor would I have created the sky or
           the earth. Do not ever look at them with the eye of envy or else I shall remove you from
           My side.’ But Adam (PBUH) envied them and he wished for their rank and position
           and so the devil went against him and lured him until he ate from the forbidden tree.
           And the devil lured Eve because she envied Fatimah Al-Zahra (PBUH) so she ate from
           the tree like Adam did, and so God expelled them from His Garden and made them
           go out to the earth.” 8


Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) clari ed that Eve envied Fatimah (From Her is
Peace) especially because Fatimah was the forbidden tree. When Adam (PBUH) found out that
God created a woman better than Eve, he went to Fatimah (From Her is Peace) and attempted to
have intercourse with her, and this is why Eve envied Fatimah, because Adam wanted her. But
Adam could not have intercourse with her. The Prince of the Believers Ali ibn Abi Talib (From
Him is Peace) came and threw Adam (PBUH) outside of the Garden of Eden. Here is a section of
the Gnostic Gospel On the Origin of the World which was found in Nag Hammadi, and it
mentions some details of the story, con rming what the Imam (From Him is Peace) has said:


           After the day of rest, Sophia sent her daughter Zoe, called Eve, as an instructor to raise
           Adam, in whom there was no soul, so that the children he would engender might be
           vessels of light. [When] Eve saw her male partner on the ground, she felt sorry for him
           and said, “Adam, live! Get up from the ground!” At once her word became an
           accomplished deed. When Adam got up, at once he opened his eyes, and he saw her and
           said, “You will be called the Mother of the living, because you have given me life.” The
           authorities were told that their modeled body was alive and had gotten up, and they
           were greatly troubled. They sent seven archangels to see what had happened. They
           came to Adam, and when they saw Eve speaking with him, they said to each other,
           “Who is this enlightened woman? She looks like what appeared to us in the light.
           Come, let’s seize her and ejaculate our semen into her, so that she may be unclean and
           unable to ascend to her light, and her children will serve us. But let’s not tell Adam,
           because he is not one of us. Instead, let’s put him to sleep and suggest to him in his sleep
           that Eve came from his rib, so that the woman may serve and he may rule over her.”
           Since Eve was a heavenly power, she laughed at what they had in mind. She blinded

8
    Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 11, pp. 164-165



                                                           4
                               the First covenant with Adam (PBUH)



        their eyes and secretly left something that resembled her with Adam. She entered the
        tree of knowledge and stayed there. The rulers chased her, and she revealed to them
        that she had entered the tree and had become a tree. The blind powers fell into great
        fear and ran away. Later, when they recovered their sight, they came to [Adam]. They
        saw a female like that woman with him, and they were troubled and thought this was
        the true Eve…9


Of course, not everything written in the Nag Hammadi manuscript is completely correct or free
from distortion but what is notable and clear from the manuscript is:


        1. In the Garden of Eden there is a woman who is the origin of life and who is the tree
             (this is Zoe/Al-Zahra/the true and original Eve whom the likeness of Eve is a copy of).


        2. The woman who became the tree shares the same spiritual rank as the creator of
             Adam’s soul.


Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) has stated that Adam (PBUH) is the son of the
Prince of the Believers Ali ibn Abi Talib (From Him is Peace) in the soul world, and that it is Ali
(From Him is Peace) who is the direct creator of Adam’s soul (PBUH). The soul world and its
relationships are something which we will expand upon in a later Door. Mohammed ibn Sinan
narrated from Ibn Abbas who said:


        We were with the Prophet of God (PBUH & His Family) and Ali ibn Abi Talib
        (PBUH) approached. The Prophet said to him, “Greetings to the one whom God
        created before the creation of his father by forty thousand years.” So we said: “O
        Prophet of God, was the son before the father?” So he said: “Yes, verily God created me
        and Ali from one light before the creation of Adam by this time period, then God
        divided that light into two halves, then He created everything from my light and the
        light of Ali (PBUH), then He made us abide to the right of His throne, and we
        gloriﬁed Him and then the angels gloriﬁed Him, and we praised Him and so they
        praised Him, and we worshiped Him and so they worshiped Him, and thus all those
        who praised and worshiped Him learned how to do so from Ali (PBUH).” 10


God created Adam (PBUH) with His Hand as stated in the verse from the Qur’an: “Allah asked,
“O Iblis! What prevented you from prostrating to what I created with My Own Hands?”11 Thus, Ali
9
  On the Origin of the World - The Nag Hammadi Scriptures, Marvin Meyer, pp. 214-215
10
   Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 25, p. 24
11
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 38 (Ṣād), Verse 75


                                                       5
                                              The Goal of the Wise


(From Him is Peace) is the Hand of God who directly created Adam (PBUH). Ahmed ibn
Mohammed ibn Abi Nasr narrated from Hassan Al-Jammal who narrated from Hashim ibn Abi
Ammar Al-Janbi who said: “I heard the Prince of the Believers say: ‘I am the Eye of God and I am the
Hand of God and I am the Side of God and I am the Door of God.’ ”12
     As for the location of the Garden of Eden, it was in present-day Iraq. In the Qur’an it says: “And
He taught Adam all of the names.”13 And in the Bible it says: “Now the Lord God had formed out of
the ground all the wild animals and all the birds in the sky. He brought them to the man to see what
he would name them; and whatever the man called each living creature, that was its name.”14
     Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) clari ed this matter and said that God told
Adam (PBUH) to name everything from the animals and plants and all else, and anything that
Adam chose as a name for it became its name, and as for the qur’anic verse which states, “And He
taught Adam all of the names,”15 this means that God taught Adam (PBUH) the incarnations of all
of the angels.


Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said to me regarding this matter:


         And “Tell them their names,”16 meaning their incarnations, he told them in that time
         because the angels didn’t know their own incarnations, they know that they had
         incarnations before they incarnated in the present but they did not know what their
         incarnations were in the previous worlds. It is similar to now, the believers do not know
         their incarnations and you inform them of their incarnations, the people ask about
         their incarnations because they know they incarnated before but they do not know who
         they are.


As for the age of Adam and Eve in the garden and their appearance, Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan
(From Him is Peace) said:


         They (PBUT) were youth, Eve was nine years old and Adam was twelve. However, in
         that time a nine-year-old was an adult who had a menstrual cycle and appeared like
         an eighteen-year-old today. And Adam who was twelve years old, had the appearance
         of a twenty-four-year-old today. So, their appearance in that time was double their age
         in today’s years. And both of them appeared suddenly on Earth when created.



12
   Al-Kaﬁ, Al-Shaikh Al-Kulayni, Vol. 1, p. 145
13
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 2 (Al-Baqarah), Verse 31
14
   The Holy Bible, Book of Genesis, Chapter 2, Verse 19
15
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 2 (Al-Baqarah), Verse 31
16
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 2 (Al-Baqarah), Verse 33


                                                          6
                                   the First covenant with Adam (PBUH)



Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) also said that Eve was not the one who ate from the
tree, rather it was only Adam (PBUH). Furthermore, what has been written about Eve being the
one who rst ate from the tree and being the cause of why Adam (PBUH) ate from the tree is false
and lies.
      The divine punishment for breaking the Covenant was swift and ercely intense. As a result,
Adam, Eve, and Azazel were exiled from the Garden of Eden and it was said to them: “Descend as
enemies to one another and you shall have an abode on the Earth and pleasure in it for a while.”17
And God said to Satan: “Lead to destruction those whom you can among them with your seductive
voice, and make assaults on them with your cavalry and infantry and mutually share with them in
wealth and children and promise them, verily the promises of Satan are not except lies.”18
      Scholars have long been perplexed as to the meaning of Satan sharing with humans in their
wealth and children. Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) has unveiled this mystery and
revealed the reality. It is as it is written. Iblis or Azazel (May God curse him) went to Eve in physical
form and deceived her into having sexual relations with him on the Earth; thus, Eve became
pregnant with Cain (May God curse him), and Cain is the biological son of Iblis (May God curse
him) and NOT the son of Adam (PBUH). This story is mentioned in the Jewish narrations:


            Wickedness came into the world with the ﬁrst being born of woman, Cain, the oldest
            son of Adam. When God bestowed Paradise upon the ﬁrst pair of mankind, He
            warned them particularly against carnal intercourse with each other. But after the fall
            of Eve, Satan, in the guise of the serpent, approached her, and the fruit of their union
            was Cain, the ancestor of all the impious generations that were rebellious toward God,
            and rose up against Him. Cain’s descent from Satan, who is the angel Samael, was
            revealed in his seraphic appearance. At his birth, the exclamation was wrung from Eve,
            “I have gotten a man through an angel of the Lord.” Adam was not in the company of
            Eve during the time of her pregnancy with Cain. After she had succumbed a second
            time to the temptations of Satan, and permitted herself to be interrupted in her
            penance, she left her husband and journeyed westward, because she feared her presence
            might continue to bring him misery. Adam remained in the east. When the days of
            Eve to be delivered were fulﬁlled, and she began to feel the pangs of travailing, she
            prayed to God for help. But He hearkened not unto her supplications. “Who will carry
            the report to my Lord Adam?” she asked herself. “Ye luminaries in the sky, I beg you,
            tell it to my master Adam when ye return to the east!” In that self same hour, Adam
            cried out: “The lamentation of Eve has pierced to my ear! Mayhap the serpent has
            again assaulted her,” and he hastened to his wife. Finding her in grievous pain, he


17
     The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 7 (Al-Araf), Verse 24
18
     The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 17 (Al-Isra), Verse 64


                                                       7
                                                 The Goal of the Wise


            besought God in her behalf, and twelve angels appeared, together with two heavenly
            powers. All these took up their post to right of her and to left of her, while Michael, also
            standing on her right side, passed his hand over her, from her face downward to her
            breast, and said to her, “Be thou blessed, Eve, for the sake of Adam. Because of his
            solicitations and his prayers I was sent to grant thee our assistance. Make ready to give
            birth to thy child!” Immediately her son was born, a radiant ﬁgure. A little while and
            the babe stood upon his feet, ran oﬀ, and returned holding in his hands a stalk of
            straw, which he gave to his mother. For this reason he was named Cain, the Hebrew
            word for stalk of straw. Now Adam took Eve and the boy to his home in the east. God
            sent him various kinds of seeds by the hand of the angel Michael, and he was taught
            how to cultivate the ground and make it yield produce and fruits, to sustain himself
            and his family and his posterity. After a while, Eve bore her second son, whom she
            named Hebel, because, she said, he was born but to die.19


After Adam (PBUH) was expelled from the Garden of Eden, he and Eve repented for their envy
and disobedience. God forgave them and reinstated the First Covenant even though it had been
broken. Thus far, we have learned several points. First, we have learned about the condition of
Adam and Eve in the Garden of Eden. Everything was permissible for them except for one thing
(approaching the tree). Second, the origin of all sin was envy. Third, the First Covenant consisted of
a single commandment and forbiddance. This was the appropriate law and jurisprudence for their
time and circumstances. It was the only rule that Adam and Eve needed because there were no
other human beings alive but them. There were no violations during that time, nor were there any
transgressions that required laws to be established. Only Adam, Eve, the Family of Mohammed, the
angels, and the spiritual beings (PBUT) existed. The jurisprudence would eventually evolve and
adapt according to changing conditions, circumstances, and needs. Now, let us examine a few
situations that happened in the time of Adam (PBUH) and the generations that followed that
warranted a change in jurisprudence.
      “So the Nafs (self) of Cain encouraged him and made fair seeming to him the murder of his
brother; so he murdered him and became one of the losers.”20 Before Cain killed Abel there were no
laws regarding murder, nor were there any legal punishments, for it had never happened before to
the human race. Therefore, when Cain murdered Abel, we nd that neither Adam (PBUH) nor
the Lord executed any sort of punishment upon him. What’s known in the jurisprudence of most
religions is that the penalty for murder is death. However, under the religion, jurisprudence, and
law of Adam (PBUH) (i.e. the Adamic Law), Cain is not punished or executed by death. On the
contrary, he goes forth and gets married, continues his normal life building cities and spreading his
seed throughout the Earth. Perhaps the reader nds this strange, but how can one be punished
19
     The Legends of the Jews, Louis Ginzberg, Vol. 1, Chapter 3, pp. 105-107
20
     The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 5 (Al-Ma’idah), Verse 30


                                                             8
                                    the First covenant with Adam (PBUH)



when they never broke a law? Furthermore, why would there be a law for a crime that has never
been committed nor thought of?


            Now Cain said to his brother Abel, “Let’s go out to the ﬁeld.” While they were in the
            ﬁeld, Cain attacked his brother Abel and killed him. Then the Lord said to Cain,
            “Where is your brother Abel?” “I don’t know,” he replied. “Am I my brother’s keeper?”
            The Lord said, “What have you done? Listen! Your brother’s blood cries out to me
            from the ground. Now you are under a curse and driven from the ground, which
            opened its mouth to receive your brother’s blood from your hand. When you work the
            ground, it will no longer yield its crops for you. You will be a restless wanderer on the
            earth.” Cain said to the Lord, “My punishment is more than I can bear. Today you are
            driving me from the land, and I will be hidden from your presence; I will be a restless
            wanderer on the earth, and whoever ﬁnds me will kill me.” But the Lord said to him,
            “Not so; anyone who kills Cain will suﬀer vengeance seven times over.” Then the Lord
            put a mark on Cain so that no one who found him would kill him. So Cain went out
            from the Lord’s presence and lived in the land of Nod, east of Eden. Cain made love to
            his wife, and she became pregnant and gave birth to Enoch. Cain was then building a
            city, and he named it after his son Enoch. To Enoch was born Irad, and Irad was the
            father of Mehujael, and Mehujael was the father of Methushael, and Methushael was
            the father of Lamech.21


Crime, corruption, murder, robbery, and wars all increased in the generations following Adam.
The children of Cain lled the Earth with injustice and tyranny until Noah (PBUH), the promised
Savior and Riser from the family of Adam (PBUH), arrived. During the years and generations
between Adam and Noah (PBUT), the children of Adam used taqiyah or precautionary
dissimulation (concealing one’s true beliefs for fear of harm). So, they hid everything that they had
learned from Adam and the Prophets between Adam and Noah (peace be upon them all) in fear of
their lives from the children of Cain. Even the animals changed and were fearful of humans. Abi
Abdullah (From Him is Peace) said:


            Verily Cain approached Seth (PBUH) and said to him: “My father gave you from the
            knowledge that he had, and I was older than you and had more of a right to this
            knowledge than you, but because I murdered his son, he became angry with me and
            preferred you with this knowledge over me. I swear by God, if you mention anything
            from the knowledge which you have inherited from your father in order that you show
            oﬀ in front of me and act like you are better, I shall kill you as I killed your brother.”

21
     The Holy Bible, Book of Genesis, Chapter 4, Verses 8-18


                                                               9
                                               The Goal of the Wise


            Seth then hid everything he had of the knowledge he earned until the state of Cain and
            his rule comes to an end. And for that reason we practice dissimulation (taqiyah),
            because we have an example in the son of Adam, and Seth told his son about the
            Covenant in secret, and since Seth passed the Will to his son, by God, the sunnah has
            been to pass down the Will, scholar to scholar, and they would open the Will every year
            on one particular day and they would talk about how their father gave them a
            prophecy and glad tidings concerning the coming of Noah (PBUH).22


There are a few important points we need to highlight:


       1. First, the lack of laws and jurisprudence that related to punishing crimes in the time of
            Adam (PBUH) led to Cain and his descendants’ rise to power, and led to the children of
            Adam becoming weak and oppressed in the land. As a result, the divine laws and
            jurisprudence would have to be updated and expanded upon to address changes in
            circumstances.


       2. Second, since Adam and Eve were the only two humans on the Earth in the beginning,
            everything was permissible to them, and the spread of the human race happened through
            incestual marriages. There was nothing which forbade marriages between rst-degree
            relatives. This matter continued to happen until it was outlawed in future Covenants.


       3. Third, the war between good and evil is actually a war between the seed and descendants of
            Adam (PBUH) and the seed and descendants of Iblis (May God curse him). From Adam
            (PBUH) came every believer and from Iblis came every disbeliever and tyrant.


Finally, Jesus the Messiah (PBUH) in the Gospels, in the book of John (Chapter 8) con rms that
the disbelievers are all from the lineage of Iblis and are his children, while the believers are the
children of Adam (PBUH) and the children of God:


            “Abraham is our father,” they answered. “If you were Abraham’s children,” said Jesus,
            “then you would do what Abraham did. As it is, you are looking for a way to kill me, a
            man who has told you the truth that I heard from God. Abraham did not do such
            things. You are doing the works of your own father.” “We are not illegitimate
            children,” they protested. “The only Father we have is God himself.” Jesus said to them,
            “If God were your Father, you would love me, for I have come here from God. I have
            not come on my own; God sent me. Why is my language not clear to you? Because you


22
     Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 11, p. 241


                                                              10
                                   the First covenant with Adam (PBUH)



            are unable to hear what I say. You belong to your father, the devil, and you want to
            carry out your father’s desires. He was a murderer from the beginning, not holding to
            the truth, for there is no truth in him. When he lies, he speaks his native language, for
            he is a liar and the father of lies. Yet because I tell the truth, you do not believe me! Can
            any of you prove me guilty of sin? If I am telling the truth, why don’t you believe me?
            Whoever belongs to God hears what God says. The reason you do not hear is that you
            do not belong to God.”23




23
     The Holy Bible, Book of John, Chapter 8, Verses 39-47


                                                             11
The Goal of the Wise




        12
                     Door Number Two


The Second Covenant with Noah (PBUH)




“Then God said to Noah and his sons with him: ‘I now establish
 my covenant with you and with your descendants after you.’”
                                             The Goal of the Wise


                     ith this new understanding and with Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is
                     Peace) revealing the origin of Cain son of Iblis (May God curse him), it becomes
                     clear that the point of the ood was actually to purify the Earth from the seed of
                     the cursed Iblis, in addition to it being a punishment for breaking the Covenant.
Every time a Covenant is broken, a punishment comes down upon the Earth. Then the Lord makes
a new Covenant with humanity. The punishment for the breaking of the First Covenant, when
Adam (PBUH) ate from the tree, was the exile of Adam (PBUH) from the Garden of Eden. God
forgave them but when the people broke the Covenant again with their disbelief and enmity
towards Noah and the Prophets after Adam (PBUT), God punished them with the ood.
    Noah (PBUH) spent many years preaching to the people and calling them to God and trying to
reform them. They all ignored Noah (PBUH) and did not wish to listen to him. The Holy Qur’an
states that they put their ngers in their ears and pulled their garments over their faces in order not
to listen to Noah (PBUH).1 The Earth at that time was lled with the sons of Cain who built great
cities and had many children. God had promised Satan He would give him many more the number
of children than He would give Adam. There are many narrations to that e ect. Imam Al-Sadiq
(From Him is Peace) in one narration states:


         The ﬁrst one who compared and was prideful was Iblis, and pride is the ﬁrst act of
         disobedience to God. He said: “Iblis said: ‘O God, pardon me from prostrating to
         Adam and I shall worship You like no other close angel nor Prophet Messenger has.’
         God said: ‘I do not need your worship, but rather I want to be worshiped from where I
         want and not from where you want.’ But he still refused to prostrate, so God said: ‘Get
         out of it, you are impure, and verily upon you is My curse until the Day of Judgment.’
         So Iblis said: ‘O God, how is it that You are the Just who is never unjust and now You
         made the reward for my good deeds go in vain?’ So He said: ‘No, but ask Me for
         anything you want in the world as a reward and I shall grant you.’ And the ﬁrst thing
         which he asked for was to remain until the Day of Judgment and God said: ‘I have
         granted you that.’ He said: ‘Let me have power over the children of Adam’ and God
         said: ‘I have given you power’. And he said: ‘Let me run in them like the blood runs in
         their veins.’ And God said: ‘I have made you run in their veins.’ And he said: ‘Do not
         allow a single child to be born to them except that two are born from me.’ ” 2


He gave Satan those o spring through Cain. The Holy Bible states in the book of John: “We are
not to resemble Cain, who was a child of the Evil one and killed his own brother. And why did he kill
him? Because his own actions were wicked and his brother’s actions righteous.”3

1
  The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 71 (Nuh), Verse 7
2
  Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 11, p. 141
3
  The Holy Bible, Book of 1 John, Chapter 3, Verse 12


                                                           14
                                 the second covenant with noah (pbuh)


    The children of Cain disobeyed God and oppressed the children of Adam (PBUH) and
committed great crimes in the years between Adam and Noah (PBUT). Finally, God commanded
Noah (PBUH) to build an Ark. Aba Abdillah (From Him is Peace) said:


        Prophet Noah (PBUH) asked his Lord to send down the punishment upon his people, so
        Allah revealed to him to plant a seed from a palm tree. When it grows and he eats from
        its fruit, Allah would send down the punishment upon his people and make them perish.
        Prophet Noah (PBUH) planted the seed and informed his companions. The palm tree
        grew and bore fruit. He ate from its fruit and fed his companions. His companions said
        to him: “O Prophet of Allah, what about the promise that you have promised us?”
        Prophet Noah (PBUH) prayed to Allah to carry out the promise that He had made.
        Once again Allah revealed to him to plant another seed and when it grows into a palm
        tree and bears fruit and he eats from it, Allah would torment them. Noah (PBUH)
        informed his companions. They divided into three groups: One group turned back
        (became apostates), another became hypocrites and the third group remained ﬁrm with
        Noah (PBUH). Prophet Noah (PBUH) planted a seed again. It grew and bore fruit. He
        ate from its fruit and fed his companions. They said: “O Prophet of Allah, what about
        the promise that you have made?” He prayed to Allah. Allah revealed to him to plant a
        third seed and when it grows and bears fruit, Allah would make his people perish. Noah
        (PBUH) told his companions of that. The two groups [the hypocrites and the believers]
        divided into three groups; one turned back (became apostates), one became hypocrites
        and the third still kept to Noah (PBUH).4 Prophet Noah (PBUH) did that ten times
        and his companions divided every time into three groups. The tenth time, some of his
        sincere companions came to him and said: “O Prophet of Allah, whether you do what
        you have promised or you don’t, you are truthful. You are a Prophet sent by Allah, and
        we never doubt you no matter what you do to us.” In this way, Allah made the people of
        Noah (PBUH) perish and made his sincere followers enter the Ark with him. So Allah
        saved them and saved Noah with them after they had been tried, sifted, and cleared.5


In those days, Noah was married to a woman from the daughters of Cain whose name was Norea,
which means re. She was unfaithful to Noah and betrayed him. After the rst time that the Ark
was built, Norea attempted to board the Ark but because of her unrighteousness Noah did not
allow her to, and so Norea set the Ark on re and burnt it down. This was the reason why the
promise of Allah was delayed and the punishment was delayed. In the Gnostic text titled The


4
  The three groups described here represent three distinct psychological and spiritual states of faith: 1. ‫ ﺛﺒﺎت‬/thabat/
  -state of staying rm in belief, certitude, and trust; 2. ‫ ﻧﻔﺎق‬/nifaq/- intentional duplicity in order to oppose, a state of
  treachery and hypocrisy; 3. ‫ ارﺗﺪاد‬/irtedad/- turning back, doubting, a state of apostasy.
5
  Kitab Al-Ghayba (Book of Occultation), Al-Numani, Vol. 1, p. 294


                                                              15
                                          The Goal of the Wise


Nature of the Rulers found in the Nag Hammadi Collection, it states: “The rulers took counsel with
one another and said, “Come, let us cause a ﬂood with our hands and obliterate all ﬂesh, from man to
beast.” But when the ruler of the forces came to know of their decision, he said to Noah, “Make yourself
an ark from wood that does not rot and hide in it, you and your children and the beasts and the birds
of heaven from small to large—and set it upon Mount Sir.” Then Norea came to him, wanting to
board the ark. When he would not let her, she blew upon the ark and caused it to be consumed by ﬁre.
Again he made the ark, for a second time.”6
     In the writings about a Gnostic sect in Egypt, the well-known historian Epiphanius provided
further details of the story of Norea and the Ark. He wrote that she had requested entry into the
Ark three times and burnt down the Ark three di erent times, all because she did in fact believe a
    ood was coming, but she also believed it was part of Noah’s plan to get rid of her in the ood. The
truth is that she burnt down the Ark ten times, and in all times she did so in secret. In all ten times,
the companions were shocked and doubt entered into them, as they wondered why God would
allow the Ark to be burnt down if Noah was really a Prophet. Because of the burning of the Ark,
the promise was ten times delayed, and God used these events as a test and opportunity to rid
Noah’s believing community of any doubters. Noah had mercy on Norea and she was eventually
let on the Ark. In the Holy Bible’s book of Genesis it states: “On that very day Noah and his sons,
Shem, Ham and Japheth, together with his wife and the wives of his three sons, entered the ark.”7
     That makes a total of eight human beings or four couples who entered the Ark on that day.
Many Arabic sources mention that only seven remained rm believers in Noah (PBUH): Noah’s
wife, his three sons, and their three wives. Hamran narrated that Abi Ja’far (From Him is Peace)
said concerning the words of Allah: “ ‘But none believed with him, except for a few.’ He said: “They
were eight.”8


There were three main reasons why Norea was permitted on the Ark:


       1. Most of Noah’s companions and supporters who helped him build the Ark turned back
          (became apostates). If Norea burnt down the Ark another time, Noah (PBUH) and his
          sons would not have been able to build it once again without all the manpower they had
          previously.


       2. Norea had felt extreme fear because she had cheated on Noah (PBUH) with one of the
          well-known, in uential, and powerful men in the city. She thought that because of this
          secret God would not forgive her. She thought to herself that Noah (PBUH) must have
          known and was planning to leave her drown and because of this he was forbidding her

6
  The Nature of the Rulers, The Nag Hammadi Scriptures, Marvin Meyer
7
  The Holy Bible, Book of Genesis, Chapter 7, Verse 13
8
  Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 11, p. 336


                                                      16
                                    the second covenant with noah (pbuh)


            entry into the Ark. Unless she was granted entry into the Ark, Norea would have continued
            to burn down the Ark.


        3. Norea had pity on the people and did not wish for their destruction, while Satan was happy
            with Noah calling down the punishment on the people. This matter is evident in many of
            the traditions of the Ahlul-Bayt (From Them is Peace). From Ali ibn Mohammed (From
            Him is Peace) he said: “When Satan came to Noah he said to him: ‘You have done me a great
            favor so ask me for advice, I will not betray you,’ so Noah was pained by his words and his
            request, so God inspired to Noah: ‘Speak to him and ask him, I will make him mention a
            certain matter that is a proof upon you.’ So Noah (PBUH) said to Satan: ‘Speak.’ Satan said:
            ‘If we ﬁnd the son of Adam stingy or envious or oppressive or hasty we catch him as one catches
            a ball, so if these traits are gathered in him we call him ‘Shaytan’ (i.e devil),’ then Noah said:
            ‘What is this great favor that you have described?’ He said: ‘That you have called upon God to
            destroy the people of the Earth, so in one hour you have brought them all to hellﬁre so I became
            free, if it was not for your prayer to bring down the punishment upon them it would have
            taken me a lifetime [to achieve this].’ ”9


While Norea did not deserve to be on the Ark, for the sake of Noah (PBUH) and because Norea
did not wish for the destruction of the people, God had mercy on her and included her in the Ark.
In the Holy Bible, the book of Genesis states: “The Lord then said to Noah, “Go into the ark, you
and your whole family, because I have found you righteous in this generation. ”10


We nd another interesting account of an incident that happened in the period after the ood:


            When Noah lost hope in guiding the polytheistic misguided people, he went forth
            building the Ark by the command of God Almighty…and when everything was ready,
            Noah complained to God about his polytheistic people and prayed to God to destroy
            them all together, and because the proof had been placed upon them, God sent a
            torment upon them, and rain kept pouring down and the complete ﬂood occurred and
            came upon all the disobedient ones and destroyed them. And after the disbelievers were
            destroyed, the rain stopped, the ﬂoodwater receded and the Ark of Noah settled and
            reached its ﬁnal stop. The believers in Noah were saved and disembarked from the
            Ark and engaged in their various work and life aﬀairs. Noah’s profession was making
            ceramic pots. He would prepare them and sell them to the people and provide from its
            price his daily needs. One day an angel came to him in human form and bought from
            him a number of pottery pots and began to smash them, and Noah looked at him and

9
    Qisas al-Anbiya (Tales of the Prophets), Al-Jazairy, p. 80
10
    The Holy Bible, Book of Genesis, Chapter 7, Verse 1


                                                                 17
                                              The Goal of the Wise


           whenever he would smash a pot, Noah would be grieved and in pain without uttering
           a word. Finally, Noah could not bear to see the smashing of the pots he had just made
           and sold. He shouted ﬁercely at that man (the angel): “What are you doing, O man?!
           Why did you break the pots that I made with my own hands?!” The man (the angel)
           replied: “I bought them from you and they became my property and you no longer have
           anything to do with them and I can dispose of them however I want.” Noah (PBUH)
           said: “It is true that you bought them from me, but I worked hard and tired myself
           until I made them, and I continued to love them even after you bought them from me,
           and I do not accept that you spoil the fruits of my labor and the results of my eﬀorts.”
           The man (the angel) replied: “You did not create the pots, you only made them, but you
           still cannot bear the sight of them being shattered. How did you then call upon God to
           destroy all of His creatures altogether?!” As a result of this incident, Noah started
           crying and wailing so hard that people called him ‘Noah’ (i.e the weeping one).11


This account clearly demonstrated that during all these years, from the time the ood came until
the Ark settled, God held Noah to account for calling down the punishment on his people and
even made it a point to rebuke him for it after all these years. After the ood, God established a new
Covenant with Noah (PBUH), and it was a Covenant which di ered from the First Covenant. The
Second Covenant consisted of new commands and laws which were absent from the First
Covenant. The Holy Bible mentions the details of the Noahic Covenant and its laws:


           Then God blessed Noah and his sons, saying to them, “Be fruitful and increase in
           number and ﬁll the earth. The fear and dread of you will fall on all the beasts of the
           earth, and on all the birds in the sky, on every creature that moves along the ground,
           and on all the ﬁsh in the sea; they are given into your hands. Everything that lives and
           moves about will be food for you. Just as I gave you the green plants, I now give you
           everything. But you must not eat meat that has its lifeblood still in it. And for your
           lifeblood I will surely demand an accounting. I will demand an accounting from
           every animal. And from each human being, too, I will demand an accounting for the
           life of another human being. Whoever sheds human blood, by humans shall their
           blood be shed; for in the image of God has God made mankind. As for you, be fruitful
           and increase in number; multiply on the earth and increase upon it.” Then God said
           to Noah and to his sons with him: “I now establish my covenant with you and with
           your descendants after you and with every living creature that was with you—the
           birds, the livestock and all the wild animals, all those that came out of the ark with
           you—every living creature on earth. I establish my covenant with you: Never again
           will all life be destroyed by the waters of a ﬂood; never again will there be a ﬂood to
11
     Kashkul Dastaghib, Sayed Dastaghib, p. 176


                                                      18
                                  the second covenant with noah (pbuh)


            destroy the earth.” And God said, “This is the sign of the covenant I am making
            between me and you and every living creature with you, a covenant for all generations
            to come: I have set my rainbow in the clouds, and it will be the sign of the covenant
            between me and the earth. Whenever I bring clouds over the earth and the rainbow
            appears in the clouds, I will remember my covenant between me and you and all living
            creatures of every kind. Never again will the waters become a ﬂood to destroy all life.
            Whenever the rainbow appears in the clouds, I will see it and remember the everlasting
            covenant between God and all living creatures of every kind on the earth.” So God said
            to Noah, “This is the sign of the covenant I have established between me and all life on
            the earth.”12


The rst command that God gave Noah (PBUH) was the same as the one that He gave to Adam
(PBUH): “Be fruitful and increase in number and ﬁll the earth.” God chose Noah as He chose
Adam and blessed Noah as He blessed Adam (PBUT). This command which God gave them, to
“be fruitful and multiply,” remained the same from the First Covenant to the Second and did not
change. The command to avoid the tree was absent from the Second Covenant due to the tree
being in the Garden of Eden. Since humanity was no longer in the Garden of Eden, the
commandment to avoid the Tree of Knowledge was no longer applicable. The Lord gave Noah
(PBUH) new commands that were not part of the First Covenant and had not been done before
now, such as eating meat. God forbade Noah (PBUH) from eating animals alive and Noah
(PBUH) could only eat those animals that were slaughtered as an o ering to the Lord. From here is
the sunnah (traditions, customs, and practices) in Islam of only eating esh of animals that were
slaughtered in the hallal (permissible, Kosher) way: facing the qibla (direction/orientation) and
pronouncing God’s name over it. This was how slaughtering animals as o erings was done. God
also forbade in the Second Covenant any other sort of murder or killing of humans or any living
creature. Thus, God said he would demand an accounting and gave the decree that the penalty for
murder shall be execution.
      Ulul-Azm (those with the most determination) is a qur’anic expression that is used to describe
the Covenant Prophets (PBUT). The Covenant Prophets (PBUT) were charged with establishing
divine laws and jurisprudences with humanity. The Covenant Prophets (PBUT) whom God sent
to humanity are ve in number: Prophet Noah, Prophet Abraham, Prophet Moses, Prophet Jesus,
and Prophet Mohammed (Peace and Blessings be Upon Them All). As for Adam (PBUH), he is
also the companion of a divine Covenant but he is not one of the Ulul-Azm because he broke the
Covenant. From Uthman ibn Isa, from Sama’a, he said:


            I said to Abi Abdillah (PBUH): “The saying of God, ‘So be patient as the determined
            ones were,’” he said: “[They are] Noah, Abraham, Moses, Jesus, and Mohammed
12
     The Holy Bible, Book of Genesis, Chapter 9, Verses 1-17


                                                               19
                                             The Goal of the Wise


         (peace be upon them and upon all the Prophets of God and His Messengers).” I said,
         “How did they become Ulul-Azm?” He said, “Because Noah was sent with a Book and
         jurisprudence, so all those who came after Noah worked by the Book of Noah and his
         jurisprudence and his method, until Abraham came with the scriptures, and with
         will-power he left the Book of Noah, not out of disbelief in it. And every Prophet who
         came after Abraham came forth with the jurisprudence of Abraham, his method and
         his scriptures, until Moses came with the Torah and with will-power he left the
         scriptures. And so every Prophet who came after Moses worked by the Torah, his
         jurisprudence and his method, until the Messiah came with the Gospels and with
         will-power he left the jurisprudence of Moses and his method. And so every Prophet
         who came after the Messiah worked by his jurisprudence and his method, until
         Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) came and brought forth the Qur’an, his
         jurisprudence and his method. So his hallal (permissible) will remain hallal
         (permissible) until the Day of Judgment, and his haram (impermissible) will remain
         haram (impermissible) until the Day of Judgment, so these are the Ulul-Azm (those
         with determination) from the Messengers.” 13


Therefore, all the Prophets and Messengers who total one hundred and twenty-four thousand, all
of their messages fall under one of the mentioned jurisprudences, from the jurisprudence of Adam
to the jurisprudence of Mohammed (PBUT). The Prophets of God Abel, Seth, Enoch, and the rest
of the Prophets who were between Adam and Noah (PBUT) worked by the jurisprudence of the
Adamic Covenant. The Second Covenant with Noah (PBUH) continued until the time of
Abraham (PBUH).
     The Earth was supposed to be cleansed of the seed of Iblis and the children of Cain, except that
Noah (PBUH) had married a woman from the descendants of Cain as mentioned previously. Noah
and Norea together had three sons: Sam, Ham, and Japheth, and Noah’s wife gave birth to a fourth
son as well and his name was Yam but he was not a biological son of Noah (PBUH). This is clearly
evident when God Almighty said: “And Noah called out to his Lord, saying, “My Lord! Certainly
my son is ˹also˺ of my family, Your promise is surely true, and You are the most just of all judges!”
Allah replied, “O Noah! He is certainly not of your family—he was an unrighteous deed. So do not ask
Me about what you have no knowledge of! I warn you so you do not fall into ignorance. ”14 Also, God
Almighty said in Surah Al-Tahreem: “Allah sets forth an example for the disbelievers: the wife of
Noah and the wife of Lot. Each was married to one of Our righteous servants, yet betrayed them. Their
husbands could not help them against God: it was said, “Both of you enter the Fire with the others. ”15



13
   Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 65, p. 326
14
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 11 (Hud), Verses 45-46
15
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 66 (Al-Tahreem), Verse 10


                                                            20
                              the second covenant with noah (pbuh)


For many years, the scholars of Islam have tried to interpret those verses in a variety of ways. They
have said that the betrayal was a betrayal in faith and not marital in delity because it is impossible
that a Prophet’s wife betray him. They have said that the son of Noah referenced in the Holy
Qur’an was still his biological son even though it states, “He is not of your (Noah’s) family.” The
consensus amongst Muslim scholars is that Noah’s son simply had a di erent faith than his father.
However, when one reads the Qur’an objectively, without any presumptions of sanctity or
innocence for the characters, the truth becomes clear and evident. The truth is that Noah’s wife
betrayed him and was impregnated. Aba Al-Hassan (PBUH) said regarding the verse “ ‘O you who
have believed, repent to Allah in honest repentance,’ The servant repents and does not return to what
he has done, and verily the most beloved servants of Allah to Allah are those who repent a true
repentance,” Ali ibn Ibrahim said regarding the words of Allah ‘Allah sets forth an example’: “Then
Allah set in them an example,” and he recited: “Allah sets forth an example for the disbelievers: the
wife of Noah and the wife of Lot. Each was married to one of Our righteous servants, yet betrayed
them.” He said: “By Allah, he did not mean by the words ‘yet betrayed them’ except adultery.”16
     Noah’s wife bore an illegitimate son whom Noah (PBUH) thought was his biological son.
However, he was not his biological son and “not of your family” as the Holy Qur’an literally states.
The narrations of the Family of Mohammed (From Them is Peace) have con rmed this reality.
Zurara narrated from Abi Ja’far (From Him is Peace) concerning the words of Noah: “My son,
board the Ark with us,” He said: “It was not his son,” I said: “Noah said, ‘My son?’ ” He said: “Noah
said that while not knowing. ”17
     Now we also understand the response of this son in the Qur’an where he says: “I will take shelter
on a mountain.”18 The mountain was not actually a physical mountain at all, it was his biological
father whom Norea betrayed Noah (PBUH) with, an in uential non-working scholar. It is worth
mentioning that the Arabic word for mountain “Jabal” was actually a name used in that time, and
the Torah mentions a man named “Jabal” who lived in the time of Noah (PBUH) and was known
as “the father of those who live in tents and raise livestock.”19
     Henry Corbin in his book Swedenborg and Esoteric Islam quotes a Gnostic exegesis that explains
the deeper symbolism surrounding the Ark and the mountain which Noah’s son took refuge in:

         “So the Ark ﬂoated with them on the waves [towering] like mountains” (11:42), which
         means: the Imam, invested with esoteric teaching, ﬂoats in his da’wat like a mystical
         Ark, together with all those who have responded to his Call (the mostajibun), on the
         ocean of knowledge; he ﬂoats from mystical grade to grade (from hadd to hadd), in
         order to initiate each one into the higher spiritual science (ma’rifat); the waves that he

16
   Tafsir Al-Qummi, Ali ibn Ibrahim Al-Qummi, Vol. 2, p. 377
17
   Tafsir Noor Al-Thaqalayn, Al-Shaikh Abdul Ali Aroussi Al-Howayzi, Vol. 2, p. 363
18
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 11 (Hud), Verse 43
19
   The Holy Bible, Book of Genesis, Chapter 4, Verse 20



                                                        21
                                              The Goal of the Wise


           confronts, towering like mountains, are the learned in Law, the literalists ('ulama'
           al-zahir) who pass as men of science, although they are empty of any knowledge in the
           true sense; that is why they collapse before the Imam, as the waves of the sea collapse
           after having given the illusion of being high mountains. The divine da’wat (the
           mystical Ark) ﬂoats upon the heads of these people who give themselves the airs of the
           learned. It cleaves them as a ship cleaves the waves. It ﬂoats upon them while they
           frighten men with their shallow science, inﬂating themselves in the way that the waves
           of the sea rise and collide with each other…But those who have entered the da’wat are
           sheltered there from their misleading, as the traveler in a ship is sheltered from the
           waves.20


This is why Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) has always emphasized on reading the
Holy Qur’an as a normal book while lifting the presumption of sanctity regarding the actions of
the characters being portrayed in the stories. This allows for a more objective, historically
consistent, and truer understanding rather than biased interpretations based on preconceived ideas
about the personalities and events taking place. In addition, it is also important to consider the
non-literal, symbolic meanings.
      Some Arabic sources and narrations have gathered between Yam and Canaan and made them
into a single person. However, it is not the case that they are one person with two names; they are,
in fact, two di erent people. Yam was the son who drowned. Canaan was the father of the
Canaanites and was born after the ood. The Canaanite people were descendants of Canaan and
were a Semitic-speaking civilization that are mentioned throughout the Bible. These people would
not exist today if their father Canaan had drowned in the ood. But rather the characters of Yam
and Canaan were combined into one character by narrators because they both are not the sons of
Noah biologically. One was born before the ood and one after the ood.
      The Torah and the Gospels prove the words of the Holy Qur’an about the wife of Noah and her
son, whereby the Torah says in the book of Genesis:


           And Noah began to be an husbandman, and he planted a vineyard: And he drank of
           the wine, and was drunken; and he was uncovered within his tent. And Ham, the
           father of Canaan, saw the nakedness of his father, and told his two brethren without.
           And Shem and Japheth took a garment, and laid it upon both their shoulders, and
           went backward, and covered the nakedness of their father; and their faces were
           backward, and they saw not their father's nakedness. And Noah awoke from his wine,
           and knew what his younger son had done unto him. And he said, Cursed be Canaan;
           a servant of servants shall he be unto his brethren. And he said, Blessed be the Lord


20
     Swedenborg and Esoteric Islam, Henry Corbin, pp. 118-119


                                                         22
                               the second covenant with noah (pbuh)


         God of Shem; and Canaan shall be his servant. God shall enlarge Japheth, and he
         shall dwell in the tents of Shem; and Canaan shall be his servant.” 21


Biblical scholars have di ered in regards to the meaning of the story and in regards to the meaning
of “And Ham, the father of Canaan, saw the nakedness of his father,” and in order to understand
what it truly means we must look at the book of Leviticus: “And the man that lieth with his father’s
wife hath uncovered his father’s nakedness: both of them shall surely be put to death; their blood shall
be upon them.”22
     Now the meaning has become clear, the words of “uncovering your father’s nakedness,” or “to
see your father naked” meant for the people of the ancient times having intercourse with the
father’s wife, for the nakedness of the man is his wife. So the wife of Noah became pregnant with
her son’s child and Noah cursed the unborn child and named him Canaan, which literally means,
from Cain, to indicate that he will be an unrighteous deed or an unrighteous seed, a son of Cain or
the devil. To further prove the point that Canaan was indeed an o spring of Noah’s wife and her
son Ham, we look at the following verses from the Torah: “And the sons of Noah, that went forth of
the ark, were Shem, and Ham, and Japheth: and Ham is the father of Canaan.”23 In the book of
Genesis it says: “And Ham, the father of Canaan, saw the nakedness of his father, and told his two
brethren without.”24 So, it is proven that Ham is the father of Canaan and not anyone else. Let’s
now look to see who is the mother. In the book of Genesis it says: “And he said, “Cursed be
Canaan; a servant of servants shall he be unto his brethren.”25 So Noah curses Canaan to be a servant
of his brothers, but who are Canaan’s brothers? In the book of Genesis it says: “God shall enlarge
Japheth, and he shall dwell in the tents of Shem; and Canaan shall be his servant.”26 Therefore, the
brothers of Canaan are Japheth and Shem, and Ham is both the father of Canaan and the brother
of Canaan.
     From Canaan came the nations of Sodom and Gomorrah (the people of Lot) and there came
from him Nimrod and other than them of disbelievers and tyrants. There also came from him
righteous people, for Allah said: “He brings forth the living out of the dead, and brings the dead out
of the living, and revives the earth after its death. It is in this way (that He revives the dead earth) that
you will be brought forth from the dead.”27 From Sam or Shem came the Semitic Prophets and
Messengers and the line of descendants of Adam (PBUH). The Messenger of God Mohammed
(PBUH & His Family) said: “Sam is the father of the Arabs and Jews (all the Semites) and Japheth is
the father of the Romans and Ham is the father of the Abyssinians.”28 Sam was the vicegerent of
21
   The Holy Bible, Book of Genesis, Chapter 9, Verses 20-27
22
   The Holy Bible, Book of Leviticus, Chapter 20, Verse 11
23
   The Holy Bible, Book of Genesis, Chapter 9, Verse 18
24
   The Holy Bible, Book of Genesis, Chapter 9, Verse 22
25
   The Holy Bible, Book of Genesis, Chapter 9, Verse 25
26
   The Holy Bible, Book of Genesis, Chapter 9, Verse 27
27
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 30 (Al-Rum), Verse 19
28
   Tarikh Al-Tabari, Al-Tabari, Vol. 1, p. 145


                                                          23
                                           The Goal of the Wise


Noah (PBUH). The Mandaean religion considers Sam to be amongst the most important
Prophets. They have many manuscripts and books that speak about him. One of the miracles of
Prophet Jesus (PBUH) was the resurrection of Sam from his grave.
     God said in the Qur’an: “And recall when We said to the angels: “Prostrate yourselves before
Adam”; all of them fell prostrate, except Iblis. He was of the jinn and so disobeyed the command of his
Lord. Will you, then, take him and his progeny as your guardians rather than Me although they are
your open enemies? What an evil substitute are these wrongdoers taking!”29 God Almighty also said:
“My Covenant is not extended to the wrongdoers.”30 This means that the Covenant of God is only
with Adam (PBUH) and his descendants and not with Iblis and his descendants, meaning that the
Covenant of God is only with the believers and not the disbelievers. This is an important point that
we must direct our attention towards. Thus, we nd that the true religion of God has always
remained a safeguarded secret throughout the centuries.
     God Almighty commanded Adam (PBUH) and his descendants to remain quiet and keep the
divine teachings a secret. He commanded them to practice concealment of the truth or
dissimulation (taqiyah) with Cain and his descendants so that they never know the true religion of
God. There were several reasons for the practice of dissimulation. First, the enmity and envy which
Iblis and his descendants had towards Adam (PBUH) and his descendants. Second, Iblis and his
descendants did not have the capacity to handle the responsibility of practicing and carrying God’s
true religion. As a result, we nd that nothing but two letters of divine knowledge have come to
humanity.
     It is a well-known narration that at the time of the emergence of the Qaim/Riser (From Him is
Peace), he shall bring forth the remaining twenty- ve letters of knowledge and disseminate them
amongst humanity. These twenty- ve letters of knowledge added to the previous two letters of
knowledge will complete humanity’s knowledge of true monotheism and God’s true religion. The
following narrations demonstrate this reality: Abi Abdullah Imam Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace)
said: “Knowledge is twenty-seven letters in total and everything which the Messengers brought forth
are only two letters and the people to this very day know nothing but two letters, so if the Qaim emerges
he will bring forth the twenty-ﬁve letters and spread them amongst the people and will add it to the
previous two letters, until he spreads a total of twenty-seven letters.”31
It is narrated from the Holy Household (Ahlul-Bayt) (From Them is Peace): “Verily Adam became
ill for eleven days before his death and he gave a Will to his son Seth (PBUH), he wrote his Will and
passed it to his son Seth and commanded him to hide it from Cain and his sons, because Cain killed
Abel in envy of him due to Adam choosing Abel to receive all his knowledge, and so Seth and his sons
hid what they had of knowledge, and Cain and his sons had no knowledge to beneﬁt from.”32


29
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 18 (Al-Kahf), Verse 50
30
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 2 (Al-Baqarah), Verse 124
31
   Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 52, p. 336
32
   The Encyclopedia of Imam Ali ibn Abi Talib (PBUH), Mohammed Al-Reyshahri, Vol. 2, p. 98


                                                      24
                                  the second covenant with noah (pbuh)


Al-Mufaddel narrated: “I asked Imam Al-Sadiq (PBUH) about the meaning of the verse ‘I will erect
a strong barrier between you and them,’ and he replied, ‘It is taqiyah/dissimulation,’ ‘Thus were they
made powerless to scale it or to dig through it,’ [and he (PBUH) replied,] ‘For they were unable to scale
it or uncover it if we work by dissimulation (taqiyah) and it is the strong barrier and there is now
erected between you and the enemies of Allah a barrier which they cannot break through.’ And then I
asked him about, ‘But when the promise of my Lord comes to pass, He will make it into dust,’ and he
(PBUH) replied: ‘This is concerning the lifting of dissimulation (taqiyah) when the revelation
happens and he will take revenge against the enemies of God.’ ”33




33
     Wasa’il al-Shia, Al-Hurr Al-Amili, Vol. 16, p. 213


                                                          25
The Goal of the Wise




        26
                  Door Number Three


   The Third Covenant with Abraham

                        (PBUH)




“Abraham asked, ‘What about my oﬀspring?’ God replied, ‘My
       covenant is not extended to the wrongdoers.’”
                                                  The Goal of the Wise


                mam Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace) said: “When Cain saw that the ﬁre accepted the
                oﬀering of Abel, Iblis said to him: ‘Verily Abel was worshiping that ﬁre’ so then Cain said:
                ‘I do not worship the ﬁre which Abel worshiped, but I worship another ﬁre and I oﬀer to it
                oﬀerings and it accepts my oﬀerings,’ and so he built houses of ﬁre and presented to it
oﬀerings, and Cain had no knowledge about the Lord God, and the descendants of Cain did not
inherit anything from Cain except for the practice of ﬁre worship.”1 This is evidence that Adam
(PBUH) did not consider Cain to be his son and Adam never taught Cain anything about religion.
Fire played a vital role in the divine religions from the beginning in the story of Adam, and the
o erings presented by Cain and Abel, and re continued to play an important role in both the true
divine religion as well as false religions, and in the confusion that the people have over the two. For
example, the Zoroastrian religion, Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said: “This
religion was established by Prophet Zoroaster (PBUH) and the religion was named after Zoroaster by
his followers after him.” They were not re worshipers; however, the descendants of Cain after him
thought that Zoroaster was a re worshiper just as their father Cain thought that of Adam, and they
corrupted the religion and the people became confused in this regard. Now it is thought by many
that Zoroastrians are re worshipers.
      Prophet Zoroaster (PBUH) was one of the Prophets who was upon the jurisprudence of Noah
(PBUH) and for that reason, re plays an important role. As such, the people in the time of
Nimrod (May God curse him) were upon the remnants of the religion of Cain; therefore, you also
    nd re having a signi cant role in the religion of Nimrod. We even nd Nimrod throwing
Abraham into the re as an o ering. Nimrod attempted to make Abraham worship the re but
when he refused he was thrown by force into the re. However, the o ering of Nimrod was not
accepted and the re did not consume Abraham, just as it did not consume and accept the o ering
of Nimrod’s forefather, Cain (May God curse them). There is a Jewish Midrash (Rabbinic
tradition) that states:


            He [Abraham] was given over to Nimrod. [Nimrod] told him: “Worship the Fire!”
            Abraham said to him: “Shall I then worship the water, which puts oﬀ the ﬁre!”
            Nimrod told him: “Worship the water!” [Abraham] said to him: “If so, shall I
            worship the cloud, which carries the water?” [Nimrod] told him: “Worship the cloud!”
            [Abraham] said to him: “If so, shall I worship the wind, which scatters the clouds?”
            [Nimrod] said to him: “Worship the wind!” [Abraham] said to him: “And shall we
            worship the human, who withstands the wind?” Said [Nimrod] to him: “You pile
            words upon words, I bow to none but the ﬁre—in it shall I throw you, and let the God
            to whom you bow come and save you from it!” Haran [Abraham’s brother] was
            standing there. He said [to himself]: “What shall I do? If Abraham wins, I shall say:
1
    Ilal Al-Shara’i’, Al-Shaikh Al-Saduq, Vol. 1, p. 3



                                                          28
                              The Third Covenant with Abraham (PBUH)


         ‘I am of Abraham’s [followers],’ if Nimrod wins I shall say ‘I am of Nimrod’s
         [followers].’ ” When Abraham went into the furnace and survived, Haran was asked:
         “Whose [follower] are you?” and he answered: “I am Abraham’s!” [Then] they took
         him and threw him into the furnace, and his belly opened and he died and
         predeceased Terach, his father.2


Nimrod was a son of Canaan and Canaan was a descendant of Cain and Iblis (May God curse
them). The Second Covenant with God ended due to Nimrod’s attempt to kill Abraham (PBUH).
As a result, God established a Third Covenant with Abraham (PBUH). God then brought down
the punishment upon Nimrod and his people. During that era, all of the people of the Earth spoke
a single language; however, the Babylonians challenged God by wanting to make a name for
themselves and proceeded to build a giant tower, ‘with its top in the heavens,’ 3 the tower of Babel.
God humbled them by destroying the tower of Babel and eliminated Nimrod by means of a small
insect. Furthermore, God confused the language of the people and scattered them into many
di ering nations, tribes, and peoples.
    Zayd Al-Shaham narrated from Aba Abdillah (From Him is Peace) who said: “I heard him (Aba
Abdillah) say: ‘Verily God (The Blessed and the High) made Abraham a servant before he made him
a Prophet, and God made him a Prophet before he made him a Messenger, and God made him a
Messenger before taking him as a Friend, and God took him as a Friend before making him an
Imam, and so when God completed these things for him, He said: ‘O Abraham! I am making you an
Imam for the people!’ and due to the greatness of the matter in the eyes of Abraham, he asked: ‘What
about my oﬀspring?’ and God responded: ‘My covenant is not extended to the wrongdoers.’ ”4


In the book of Genesis (Chapter 17):


         When Abram was ninety-nine years old, the Lord appeared to him and said, “I am
         God Almighty; walk before me faithfully and be blameless. Then I will make my
         covenant between me and you and will greatly increase your numbers.” Abram fell
         facedown, and God said to him, “As for me, this is my covenant with you: You will be
         the father of many nations. No longer will you be called Abram (‫ ;)אַ בְ ָרם‬your name
         will be Abraham (‫)אַ בְ ָרהָ ם‬, for I have made you a father of many nations. I will make
         you very fruitful; I will make nations of you, and kings will come from you. I will
         establish my covenant as an everlasting covenant between me and you and your
         descendants after you for the generations to come, to be your God and the God of your
         descendants after you. The whole land of Canaan, where you now reside as a

2
  Midrash (Bereshit) Rabbah, Chapter 38, Verse 13
3
  The Holy Bible, Book of Genesis, Chapter 11, Verse 4
4
  Al-Kaﬁ, Al-Shaikh Al-Kulayni, Vol. 1, p. 175


                                                         29
                                                The Goal of the Wise


           foreigner, I will give as an everlasting possession to you and your descendants after you;
           and I will be their God.” Then God said to Abraham, “As for you, you must keep my
           covenant, you and your descendants after you for the generations to come. This is my
           covenant with you and your descendants after you, the covenant you are to keep: Every
           male among you shall be circumcised. You are to undergo circumcision, and it will be
           the sign of the covenant between me and you. For the generations to come every male
           among you who is eight days old must be circumcised, including those born in your
           household or bought with money from a foreigner—those who are not your oﬀspring.
           Whether born in your household or bought with your money, they must be circumcised.
           My covenant in your ﬂesh is to be an everlasting covenant. Any uncircumcised male,
           who has not been circumcised in the ﬂesh, will be cut oﬀ from his people; he has broken
           my covenant.” God also said to Abraham, “As for Sarai (‫ )שָׂ ַר֣ י‬your wife, you are no
           longer to call her Sarai (‫ )שָׂ ַר֣ י‬her name will be Sarah (‫)שָׂ ָר֖ ה‬. I will bless her and will
           surely give you a son by her. I will bless her so that she will be the mother of nations;
           kings of peoples will come from her.” Abraham fell facedown; he laughed and said to
           himself, “Will a son be born to a man a hundred years old? Will Sarah bear a child
           at the age of ninety?” And Abraham said to God, “If only Ishmael might live under
           your blessing!” Then God said, “Yes, but your wife Sarah will bear you a son, and you
           will call him Isaac. I will establish my covenant with him as an everlasting covenant
           for his descendants after him. And as for Ishmael, I have heard you: I will surely bless
           him; I will make him fruitful and will greatly increase his numbers. He will be the
           father of twelve rulers, and I will make him into a great nation. But my covenant I
           will establish with Isaac, whom Sarah will bear to you by this time next year.” When
           he had ﬁnished speaking with Abraham, God went up from him. On that very day
           Abraham took his son Ishmael and all those born in his household or bought with his
           money, every male in his household, and circumcised them, as God told him.
           Abraham was ninety-nine years old when he was circumcised, and his son Ishmael
           was thirteen; Abraham and his son Ishmael were both circumcised on that very day.
           And every male in Abraham’s household, including those born in his household or
           bought from a foreigner, was circumcised with him.5


Just as God took a Covenant with Adam (PBUH) and his descendants and with Noah (PBUH) and
his descendants, God made a Third Covenant with Abraham and his descendants. However, God
made it clear that this Covenant would only be with the righteous from his descendants, and it
would not include those whose origin was Iblis and Cain. God gave Abraham (PBUH) a special
sign of their Covenant and it was circumcision. Circumcision was always a strange sign that scholars
5
    The Holy Bible, Book of Genesis, Chapter 17, Verses 1-27



                                                           30
                         The Third Covenant with Abraham (PBUH)


have failed to explain why this particular, peculiar sign was the one that God chose for Abraham
and his descendants. The sign of the Adamic Covenant was the tree, the sign of the Noahic
Covenant was the rainbow, and the sign of the Abrahamic Covenant was circumcision.
   Circumcision takes place in the reproductive organ area of the male and this area is always
covered by clothing, so to whom was this a sign? The sign was for the women of the Abrahamic
Covenant, the daughters of Adam (PBUH), and the descendants of Adam (PBUH); in order that
they know who their husbands were before allowing them to enter upon them. Are they sons of
Adam (PBUH) or are they sons of Cain in disguise? This was a sign so that Iblis and his sons would
not deceive them as they deceived Eve beforehand.
   The new Covenant and its condition, circumcision, was di cult for the people of that time.
God made circumcision a puri cation of their lineage from the integration with the sons of Iblis for
Iblis and his seed were not circumcised. Jesus (PBUH) clari ed this matter when he said in the
Gospel of Barnabas:


       And lo! A woman of Canaan with her two sons, who had come forth out of her own
       country to ﬁnd Jesus. Having therefore seen him come with his disciples, she cried out:
       “Jesus, son of David, have mercy on my daughter, who is tormented of the devil!” Jesus
       did not answer even a single word, because they were of the uncircumcised people. The
       disciples were moved to pity, and said: “O master, have pity on them! Behold how
       much they cry out and weep!” Jesus answered: “I am not sent but unto the people of
       Israel.” Then the woman, with her sons, went before Jesus, weeping and saying: “O son
       of David, have mercy on me!” Jesus answered: “It is not good to take the bread from the
       children’s hands and give it to the dogs.” And this said Jesus by reason of their
       uncleanness, because they were of the uncircumcised people. The woman answered: “O
       Lord, the dogs eat the crumbs that fall from their masters’ table.” Then was Jesus seized
       with admiration at the words of the woman, and said: “O woman, great is thy faith.”
       And having raised his hands to heaven he prayed to God, and then he said: “O
       woman, thy daughter is freed, go thy way in peace.” The woman departed, and
       returning to her home found her daughter, who was blessing God. Wherefore the
       woman said: “Verily there is none other God than the God of Israel.” Whereupon all
       her kinsfolk joined themselves unto the law of [God], according to the law written in
       the book of Moses. The disciples questioned Jesus on that day, saying: “O master, why
       didst thou make such answer to the woman, saying that they were dogs?” Jesus
       answered: “Verily I say unto you that a dog is better than an uncircumcised man.”
       Then were the disciples sorrowful, saying: “Hard are these words, and who shall be able
       to receive them?” Jesus answered: “If ye consider, O foolish ones, what the dog doth, that
       hath no reason, for the service of his master, ye will ﬁnd my saying to be true. Tell me,
       doth the dog guard the house of his master, and expose his life against the robber? Yea,


                                                  31
                                             The Goal of the Wise


           assuredly. But what receiveth he? Many blows and injuries with little bread, and he
           always showeth to his master a joyful countenance. Is this true?” “True it is, O master,”
           answered the disciples. Then said Jesus: “Consider now how much God hath given to
           man, and ye shall see how unrighteous he is in not observing the covenant of God made
           with Abraham his servant. Remember that which David said to Saul king of Israel,
           against Goliath the Philistine: ‘My lord,’ said David, ‘while thy servant was keeping
           thy servant’s ﬂock there came the wolf, the bear, and the lion and seized thy servant’s
           sheep: whereupon thy servant went and slew them, rescuing the sheep. And what is this
           uncircumcised one but like unto them? Therefore will thy servant go in the name of the
           Lord God of Israel, and will slay this unclean one that blasphemeth the holy people of
           God.’ ” Then said the disciples: “Tell us, O master, for what reason man must needs be
           circumcised?” Jesus answered: “Let it suﬃce you that God hath commanded it to
           Abraham, saying: ‘Abraham, circumcise thy foreskin and that of all thy house, for this
           is a covenant between me and thee forever.’ ” And having said this, Jesus sat nigh unto
           the mountain which they looked upon. And his disciples came to his side to listen to his
           words. Then said Jesus: “Adam the ﬁrst man having eaten, by fraud of Satan, the food
           forbidden of God in paradise, his ﬂesh rebelled against the spirit; whereupon he swore,
           saying: ‘By God, I will cut thee!’ And having broken a piece of rock, he seized his ﬂesh to
           cut it with the sharp edge of the stone: whereupon he was rebuked by the angel Gabriel.
           And he answered: ‘I have sworn by God to cut it; I will never be a liar!’ Then the angel
           showed him the superﬂuity of his ﬂesh, and that he cut oﬀ. And hence, just as every
           man taketh ﬂesh for the ﬂesh of Adam, so is he bound to observe in his sons, and from
           generation to generation came down the obligation of circumcision.” 6


I would like to point out here that this is an additional proof that the initial sin which Adam
(PBUH) had committed was attempting to have intercourse with Fatimah Al-Zahra (From Her is
Peace). It was a sin of the esh and in particular a sexual sin. That is why Adam here takes vengeance
against his male organ and cuts it with the sharp edge of the stone, because the esh which rebelled
against God was the esh of his penis.


We continue reading the narration of the Gospel of Barnabas:


           But in the time of Abraham there were but few circumcised upon the earth, because
           that idolatry was multiplied upon the earth. Whereupon God told to Abraham the
           fact concerning circumcision, and made this covenant, saying: “The soul that shall not
           have his ﬂesh circumcised, I will scatter him from among my people forever.” The

6
    The Gospel of Barnabas, Chapters 21-23


                                                       32
                                The Third Covenant with Abraham (PBUH)


           disciples trembled with fear at these words of Jesus, for with vehemence of spirit he
           spake. Then said Jesus: “Leave fear to him that hath not circumcised his foreskin, for he
           is deprived of paradise.” And having said this, Jesus spake again, saying: “The spirit in
           many is ready in the service of God, but the ﬂesh is weak. The man therefore that
           feareth God ought to consider what the ﬂesh is, and where it had its origin, and
           whereto it shall be reduced. Of the clay of the earth created God ﬂesh, and into it he
           breathed the breath of life, with an inbreathing therein. And therefore when the ﬂesh
           shall hinder the service of God it ought to be spurned like clay and trampled on,
           forasmuch as he that hateth his soul in this world shall keep it in life eternal. What
           the ﬂesh is at this present its desires make manifest— that it is a harsh enemy of all
           good: for it alone desireth sin. Ought then man for the sake of satisfying one of his
           enemies to leave oﬀ pleasing God, his creator? Consider ye this: All the saints and
           prophets have been enemies of their ﬂesh for service of God: wherefore readily and with
           gladness they went to their death, so as not to oﬀend against the law of God given by
           Moses his servant, and go and serve the false and lying gods. Remember Elijah, who
           ﬂed through desert places of the mountains, eating only grass, clad in goats’ skin. Ah,
           how many days he supped not! Ah, how much cold he endured! Ah, how many showers
           drenched him and [that] for the space of seven years, wherein endured that ﬁerce
           persecution of the unclean Jezebel! Remember Elisha, who ate barley-bread, and wore
           the coarsest raiment. Verily I say unto you that they, not fearing to spurn the ﬂesh, were
           feared with great terror by the king and princes. This should suﬃce for the spurning of
           the ﬂesh, O men. But if ye will gaze at the sepulchres, ye shall know what ﬂesh is.” 7


Now it is clear to you why a dog would be better than the uncircumcised, because a dog is better
and more pure than Satan and his seed. The Abrahamic Covenant was a special Covenant for him
and his descendants especially (the children of Adam). God willed for him and his family a special
state with its own land the likes of the Garden of Eden, and God granted for Abraham and his
descendants the land from the Nile to the Euphrates, meaning God granted it to Abraham, Isaac,
Ishmael and to the sons of Israel (Jacob) after them (peace be upon them all). For God said: “But
my covenant I will establish with Isaac.”8 Therefore, Ishmael and his descendants are included in the
Covenant but God’s chosen people in this Covenant are the sons of Isaac (PBUH).
      There are many interesting factors about the Abrahamic story which we would like to point out.
Firstly, we would like to point out that Abraham was married to his own sister, Sarah, who was
actually a half-sister. And this further proves the point that marriage between siblings was allowed
in the First Covenant, since there was no command except to be fruitful and no forbiddance except
to stay away from the tree. And marriage between siblings remained lawful in the Noahic Covenant,
7
    The Gospel of Barnabas, Chapter 23
8
    The Holy Bible, Book of Genesis, Chapter 17, Verse 21


                                                            33
                                           The Goal of the Wise


which Abraham and Sarah were upon, and it remained lawful in the Third Covenant as well. In
Genesis, Chapter 20, it is shown that Abraham and Sarah are both brother and sister as well as
husband and wife: “Now Abraham moved on from there into the region of the Negev and lived
between Kadesh and Shur. For a while he stayed in Gerar, and there Abraham said of his wife Sarah,
“She is my sister.” Then Abimelek king of Gerar sent for Sarah and took her.”9
     Abraham further con rms it in Genesis 20:11-12: “Abraham replied, “I said to myself, ‘There is
surely no fear of God in this place, and they will kill me because of my wife.’ Besides, she really is my
sister, the daughter of my father -though not of my mother- and she became my wife.”10
     And in Sahih Al-Bukhari, it was narrated that the Prophet of Allah Mohammed (PBUH & His
Family) said: “As Abraham (PBUH) was walking with Sarah, they came across a tyrant from the
tyrants and it was said to him: ‘Verily here with us is a man that has with him one of the most
beautiful women, so send forth for him.’ And he asked him about her and said: ‘Who is this?’ And so
he said: ‘My sister.’ ”11
     There were also other types of sexual relations that were happening not too far from Abraham
(PBUH), including homosexual relations, in the cities of Sodom and Gomorrah, where Abraham’s
nephew was sent to, Prophet Lot (PBUH). In Genesis, Chapter 18, it states that there were
complaints raised to God against Sodom and Gomorrah. And God decides to send a couple of
angels disguised as men to investigate: “Then the Lord said, “The outcry against Sodom and
Gomorrah is so great and their sin so grievous that I will go down and see if what they have done is as
bad as the outcry that has reached me. If not, I will know.”12
     And so here is revealed an important fact that we must take note of. We nd here that the people
of Sodom and Gomorrah were a source of an outcry to the Lord. An outcry is a very large
complaint or protest. So people were victimized by the people of Sodom and Gomorrah and were
complaining to God about it. In the following Jewish narration from the book Legends of the Jews
we get a glimpse of what the people of Sodom and Gomorrah were like:


         The inhabitants of Sodom and Gomorrah and the three other cities of the plain were
         sinful and godless. In their country there was an extensive vale, where they
         foregathered annually with their wives and their children and all belonging to them,
         to celebrate a feast lasting several days and consisting of the most revolting orgies. If a
         stranger merchant passed through their territory, he was besieged by them all, big and
         little alike, and robbed of whatever he possessed. Each one appropriated a bagatelle,
         until the traveller was stripped bare. If the victim ventured to remonstrate with one or
         another, he would show him that he had taken a mere triﬂe, not worth talking about.

9
  The Holy Bible, Book of Genesis, Chapter 20, Verses 1-2
10
   The Holy Bible, Book of Genesis, Chapter 20, Verses 11-12
11
   Sahih Al-Bukhari, Al-Bukhari, Book of Prophets, Hadith No. 3358
12
   The Holy Bible, Book of Genesis, Chapter 18, Verses 20-21


                                                       34
                   The Third Covenant with Abraham (PBUH)


And the end was that they hounded him from the city. Once upon a time it happened
that a man journeying from Elam arrived in Sodom toward evening. No one could be
found to grant him shelter for the night. Finally a sly fox named Hedor invited him
cordially to follow him to his house. The Sodomite had been attracted by a rarely
magniﬁcent carpet, strapped to the stranger’s ass by means of a rope. He meant to
secure it for himself. The friendly persuasions of Hedor induced the stranger to remain
with him two days, though he had expected to stay only overnight. When the time came
for him to continue on his journey, he asked his host for the carpet and the rope. Hedor
said: “Thou hast dreamed a dream, and this is the interpretation of thy dream: the
rope signiﬁes that thou wilt have a long life, as long as a rope; the varicolored carpet
indicates that thou wilt own an orchard wherein thou wilt plant all sorts of fruit
trees.” The stranger insisted that his carpet was a reality, not a dream fancy, and he
continued to demand its return. Not only did Hedor deny having taken anything
from his guest, he even insisted upon pay for having interpreted his dream to him. His
usual price for such services, he said, was four silver pieces, but in view of the fact that he
was his guest, he would, as a favor to him, content himself with three pieces of silver.
After much wrangling, they put their case before one of the judges of Sodom, Sherek by
name, and he said to the plaintiﬀ, “Hedor is known in this city as a trustworthy
interpreter of dreams, and what he tells thee is true.” The stranger declared himself
not satisﬁed with the verdict, and continued to urge his side of the case. Then Sherek
drove both the plaintiﬀ and the defendant from the court room. Seeing this, the
inhabitants gathered together and chased the stranger from the city, and lamenting
the loss of his carpet, he had to pursue his way. As Sodom had a judge worthy of itself,
so also had the other cities--Sharkar in Gomorrah, Zabnak in Admah, and Manon in
Zeboiim. Eliezer, the bondman of Abraham, made slight changes in the names of these
judges, in accordance with the nature of what they did: the ﬁrst he called Shakkara,
Liar; the second Shakrura, Arch-deceiver; the third Kazban, Falsiﬁer; and the fourth,
Mazle-Din, Perverter of Judgment. At the suggestion of these judges, the cities set up
beds on their commons. When a stranger arrived, three men seized him by his head,
and three by his feet, and they forced him upon one of the beds. If he was too short to ﬁt
into it exactly, his six attendants pulled and wrenched his limbs until he ﬁlled it out; if
he was too long for; it, they tried to jam him in with all their combined strength, until
the victim was on the verge of death. His outcries were met with the words, “Thus will
be done to any man that comes into our land.” After a while travellers avoided these
cities, but if some poor devil was betrayed occasionally into entering them, they would
give him gold and silver, but never any bread, so that he was bound to die of
starvation. Once he was dead, the residents of the city came and took back the marked
gold and silver which they had given him, and they would quarrel about the


                                              35
                                 The Goal of the Wise


distribution of his clothes, for they would bury him naked. Once Eliezer, the bondman
of Abraham, went to Sodom, at the bidding of Sarah, to inquire after the welfare of
Lot. He happened to enter the city at the moment when the people were robbing a
stranger of his garments. Eliezer espoused the cause of the poor wretch, and the
Sodomites turned against him; one threw a stone at his forehead and caused
considerable loss of blood. Instantly, the assailant, seeing the blood gush forth,
demanded payment for having performed the operation of cupping. Eliezer refused to
pay for the inﬂiction of a wound upon him, and he was haled before the judge
Shakkara. The decision went against him, for the law of the land gave the assailant
the right to demand payment. Eliezer quickly picked up a stone and threw it at the
judge’s forehead. When he saw that the blood was ﬂowing profusely, he said to the
judge, “Pay my debt to the man and give me the balance.” The cause of their cruelty
was their exceeding great wealth. Their soil was gold, and in their miserliness and
their greed for more and more gold, they wanted to prevent strangers from enjoying
aught of their riches. Accordingly, they ﬂooded the highways with streams of water, so
that the roads to their city were obliterated, and none could ﬁnd the way thither. They
were as heartless toward beasts as toward men. They begrudged the birds what they
ate, and therefore extirpated them. They behaved impiously toward one another, too,
not shrinking back from murder to gain possession of more gold. If they observed that a
man owned great riches, two of them would conspire against him. They would beguile
him to the vicinity of ruins, and while the one kept him on the spot by pleasant
converse, the other would undermine the wall near which he stood, until it suddenly
crashed down upon him and killed him. Then the two plotters would divide his wealth
between them. Another method of enriching themselves with the property of others was
in vogue among them. They were adroit thieves. When they made up their minds to
commit theft, they would ﬁrst ask their victim to take care of a sum of money for them,
which they smeared with strongly scented oil before handing it over to him. The
following night they would break into his house, and rob him of his secret treasures, led
to the place of concealment by the smell of the oil. Their laws were calculated to do
injury to the poor. The richer a man, the more was he favored before the law. The
owner of two oxen was obliged to render one day’s shepherd service, but if he had but
one ox, he had to give two days’ service. A poor orphan, who was thus forced to tend the
ﬂocks a longer time than those who were blessed with large herds, killed all the cattle
entrusted to him in order to take revenge upon his oppressors, and he insisted, when the
skins were assigned, that the owner of two head of cattle should have but one skin, but
the owner of one head should receive two skins, in correspondence to the method pursued
in assigning the work. For the use of the ferry, a traveller had to pay four zuz, but if he
waded through the water, he had to pay eight zuz. The cruelty of the Sodomites went


                                            36
                                 The Third Covenant with Abraham (PBUH)


            still further. Lot had a daughter, Paltit, so named because she had been born to him
            shortly after he escaped captivity through the help of Abraham. Paltit lived in Sodom,
            where she had married. Once a beggar came to town, and the court issued a
            proclamation that none should give him anything to eat, in order that he might die of
            starvation. But Paltit had pity upon the unfortunate wretch, and every day when she
            went to the well to draw water, she supplied him with a piece of bread, which she hid in
            her water pitcher. The inhabitants of the two sinful cities, Sodom and Gomorrah,
            could not understand why the beggar did not perish, and they suspected that someone
            was giving him food in secret. Three men concealed themselves near the beggar, and
            caught Paltit in the act of giving him something to eat. She had to pay for her
            humanity with death; she was burnt upon a pyre. The people of Admah were no better
            than those of Sodom. Once a stranger came to Admah, intending to stay overnight and
            continue his journey the next morning. The daughter of a rich man met the stranger,
            and gave him water to drink and bread to eat at his request. When the people of
            Admah heard of this infraction of the law of the land, they seized the girl and
            arraigned her before the judge, who condemned her to death. The people smeared her
            with honey from top to toe, and exposed her where bees would be attracted to her. The
            insects stung her to death, and the callous people paid no heed to her heartrending cries.
            Then it was that God resolved upon the destruction of these sinners.13


And the story continues in Genesis, Chapter 19:


            The two angels arrived at Sodom in the evening, and Lot was sitting in the gateway of
            the city. When he saw them, he got up to meet them and bowed down with his face to
            the ground. “My lords,” he said, “please turn aside to your servant’s house. You can
            wash your feet and spend the night and then go on your way early in the morning.”
            “No,” they answered, “We will spend the night in the square.” But he insisted so
            strongly that they did go with him and entered his house. He prepared a meal for
            them, baking bread without yeast, and they ate. Before they had gone to bed, all the
            men from every part of the city of Sodom—both young and old—surrounded the house.
            They called to Lot, “Where are the men who came to you tonight? Bring them out to us
            so that we can have sex with them.” Lot went outside to meet them and shut the door
            behind him and said, “No, my friends. Don’t do this wicked thing. Look, I have two
            daughters who have never slept with a man. Let me bring them out to you, and you can
            do what you like with them. But don’t do anything to these men, for they have come
            under the protection of my roof.” “Get out of our way,” they replied. “This fellow came
13
     The Legends of the Jews, Louis Ginzberg, Vol. 1, Chapter 5, pp. 168-172



                                                             37
                                 The Goal of the Wise


here as a foreigner, and now he wants to play the judge! We’ll treat you worse than
them.” They kept bringing pressure on Lot and moved forward to break down the door.
But the men inside reached out and pulled Lot back into the house and shut the door.
Then they struck the men who were at the door of the house, young and old, with
blindness so that they could not ﬁnd the door. The two men said to Lot, “Do you have
anyone else here—sons-in-law, sons or daughters, or anyone else in the city who belongs
to you? Get them out of here, because we are going to destroy this place. The outcry to the
Lord against its people is so great that he has sent us to destroy it.” So Lot went out and
spoke to his sons-in-law, who were pledged to marry his daughters. He said, “Hurry
and get out of this place, because the Lord is about to destroy the city!” But his
sons-in-law thought he was joking. With the coming of dawn, the angels urged Lot,
saying, “Hurry! Take your wife and your two daughters who are here, or you will be
swept away when the city is punished.” When he hesitated, the men grasped his hand
and the hands of his wife and of his two daughters and led them safely out of the city,
for the Lord was merciful to them. As soon as they had brought them out, one of them
said, “Flee for your lives! Don’t look back, and don’t stop anywhere in the plain! Flee to
the mountains or you will be swept away!” But Lot said to them, “No, my lords, please!
Your servant has found favor in your eyes, and you have shown great kindness to me in
sparing my life. But I can’t ﬂee to the mountains; this disaster will overtake me, and
I’ll die. Look, here is a town near enough to run to, and it is small. Let me ﬂee to it—it
is very small, isn’t it? Then my life will be spared.” He said to him, “Very well, I will
grant this request too; I will not overthrow the town you speak of. But ﬂee there quickly,
because I cannot do anything until you reach it.” (That is why the town was called
Zoar). By the time Lot reached Zoar, the sun had risen over the land. Then the Lord
rained down burning sulfur on Sodom and Gomorrah—from the Lord out of the
heavens. Thus he overthrew those cities and the entire plain, destroying all those living
in the cities—and also the vegetation in the land. But Lot’s wife looked back, and she
became a pillar of salt. Early the next morning Abraham got up and returned to the
place where he had stood before the Lord. He looked down toward Sodom and
Gomorrah, toward all the land of the plain, and he saw dense smoke rising from the
land, like smoke from a furnace. So when God destroyed the cities of the plain, he
remembered Abraham, and he brought Lot out of the catastrophe that overthrew the
cities where Lot had lived. Lot and his two daughters left Zoar and settled in the
mountains, for he was afraid to stay in Zoar. He and his two daughters lived in a
cave. One day the older daughter said to the younger, “Our father is old, and there is
no man around here to give us children—as is the custom all over the earth. Let’s get
our father to drink wine and then sleep with him and preserve our family line through
our father.” That night they got their father to drink wine, and the older daughter


                                            38
                              The Third Covenant with Abraham (PBUH)


         went in and slept with him. He was not aware of it when she lay down or when she got
         up. The next day the older daughter said to the younger, “Last night I slept with my
         father. Let’s get him to drink wine again tonight, and you go in and sleep with him so
         we can preserve our family line through our father.” So they got their father to drink
         wine that night also, and the younger daughter went in and slept with him. Again he
         was not aware of it when she lay down or when she got up. So both of Lot’s daughters
         became pregnant by their father. The older daughter had a son, and she named him
         Moab; he is the father of the Moabites of today. The younger daughter also had a son,
         and she named him Ben-Ammi; he is the father of the Ammonites of today.14


In addition to the murders and injustices committed often in Sodom and its surrounding cities, we
clearly see by the visit of the angels that the whole town and all its men without exception, young
and old from every part of the town, came forth in order to rape the angels. This means that the
entire town would engage in raping any new visitor to the town that they fancied. And this is clearly
demonstrated by their attempt to break into Lot’s house in order to kidnap and rape the two angels
disguised as men.
     We also note that Lot had two sons-in-law from the people of the city who were pledged to
marry his daughters in the city. It means that the two sons-in-law did not object to Lot o ering his
daughters to the mob in order that they have sex with them. How can Lot be a Prophet and o er his
daughters for group sex and at the same time o er them while they were pledged already? It must
have been because at the time there were no laws under the rst three Covenants which forbade
these types of sexual unions, i.e. group sex. So then, couldn’t one also argue that homosexuality was
not forbidden yet either? Homosexuality becomes forbidden in the Mosaic Covenant and is
explicitly mentioned in Leviticus, Chapter 18: “You shall not lie with a male as with a woman; it is
an abomination.”15
     And again in Leviticus, Chapter 20: “If a man lies with a male as with a woman, both of them
have committed an abomination; they shall surely be put to death; their blood is upon them.”16 And
the answer is yes, it is true that homosexuality was not yet forbidden, however, the act of
homosexuality itself was a sin because it was in direct con ict with God’s commandment to be
fruitful and multiply, for no fruits can be born out of a homosexual relationship. In terms of divine
laws, the people of Sodom and Gomorrah were guilty of having broken several major Covenant
laws, one of those laws that they broke regularly was murder, and the other was the command of
God to be fruitful and multiply, which was given by God to Adam and then to Noah (PBUT) and
was never abolished by Abraham (PBUH) in the Third Covenant. And any law or command from a
previous Covenant, if not adjusted or nulli ed by a new Covenant still stands. In the Holy Qur’an,

14
   The Holy Bible, Book of Genesis, Chapter 19, Verses 1-38
15
   The Holy Bible, Book of Leviticus, Chapter 18, Verse 22
16
   The Holy Bible, Book of Leviticus, Chapter 20, Verse 13


                                                          39
                                               The Goal of the Wise


it becomes clear that this is the issue. In Surah Al-Araf it states: “And (remember) Lout (Lot), when
he said to his people: “Do you commit the worst sin such as none preceding you has committed in the
Worlds. Verily, you practice your lusts on men instead of women. Nay, but you are a people
transgressing beyond bounds.” And the answer of his people was only that they said: “Drive them out of
your town, these are indeed men who purify themselves.” Then We saved him and his family, except his
wife; she was of those who remained behind (in the torment). And We rained down on them a rain (of
stones). Then see what was the end of the criminals.”17 And in the Qur’an in Surah Al-Shu’ara it
states: “Do you approach males among the worlds and leave what your Lord has created for you as
mates? But you are a people transgressing.”18
      The Holy Qur’an clearly states that while perhaps some of the people of the cities had wives, the
majority had approached men and left women completely, and practiced their lusts on men instead
of with their wives. And this meant that the people of Sodom and Gomorrah were in breach of the
     rst command of God, to be fruitful and multiply. They were abandoning sexual relations with
women altogether. And this is one of the reasons why the punishment was justi ed upon them.
Other than that they were already condemned for their murders against the visitors to the city and
innocent people. There are also some very important points we would like to extract from the story
of Lot (PBUH):


        1. We notice that just as Noah (PBUH) was allowed to take with him his wife, she later fell due
           to her treachery and evil, as such, Lot was allowed to take his wife, who was also on her way
           out of the city when she turned back and was destroyed.


        2. We point out that the consumption of alcohol was still allowed in the Third Covenant. And
           Lot and his daughters consume it.


        3. We would also like to point out that sexual relations between father and daughters were
           allowed and there were no laws restricting it in the rst three Covenants. Lot engages in this
           union with his daughters and gives birth to two nations. He also o ers his daughters for
           group sex with the people outside his house and we know the people of Sodom and
           Gomorrah were engaging in group sex or orgies.


        4. The people of Sodom and Gomorrah say about Lot and his family: “They are a people who
           are purifying themselves or want to be pure.” This is a direct reference to the practice of
           circumcision which Lot was now practicing under the Abrahamic Covenant. The word for
           circumcision in Arabic literally translates to “Puri cation”.


17
     The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 7 (Al-Araf ), Verses 80-84
18
     The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 26 (Al-Shu’ara), Verses 165-166


                                                          40
                               The Third Covenant with Abraham (PBUH)


        5. The people of Sodom and Gomorrah say to Lot when he o ered his daughters to them:
           “You certainly know that we have no right for your daughters. You already know what we
           desire!”19 and this means they have no right over his daughters because they were not
           circumcised and the females under the Abrahamic Covenant were only to be married to
           circumcised men; i.e. sons of Adam (PBUH) and not the seed of Cain.


        6. Lot hesitated to leave the cities of Sodom and Gomorrah and had to be dragged out by the
           angels and afterwards he also did not want to go too far and was granted asylum in a town
           nearby. This hesitation is an example of one of Lot’s shortcomings and mistakes during his
           career as a Prophet.


As for homosexuality, Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) has explained to me that the
natural disposition for the sexes is that males are attracted to females, and females are attracted to
males. He (From Him is Peace) has stated that most people who are homosexual became that way
through one of two means, either through being victims of child abuse or are born that way and
had one parent or grandparent who was a homosexual or had inclinations towards the same sex.
That means that Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) denies that traditional view that
most religions have, especially Islamic ones, that homosexuals are just perverts who need to be killed
or stoned. But rather, the Imam (From Him is Peace) says that while the natural sexual disposition
for men and women is to be attracted to the opposite sex, and this was for the purpose of
multiplying, homosexuals are not to be blamed in reality for their feelings of attraction for the same
sex because in most cases this is either an inherent genetic trait which is passed on to them or they
were victims of child abuse. Both of which are not their fault.
      In the beginning of the Call in Iraq, after Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) opened
the rst house of worship for the believers, there was a homosexual man who came to the house of
worship. The followers of the Imam (From Him is Peace) stated that they wanted him to go away
because, in their opinion, him being amongst them would ruin their reputation and the reputation
of the religion, since he was known in the town to be homosexual. Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From
Him is Peace), upon hearing this became very angry and told them: “If I shut the doors to God in his
face on whose door shall he knock?” And he welcomed the man back in. As such, our religion and our
congregations welcome homosexuals and people from all walks and ways of life, because the person
who is sincere in his search for God is much more honorable than the one who shows false
religiosity while he is a hypocrite on the inside.
      As for the location of Sodom and Gomorrah; the world’s lowest point on Earth is the Dead Sea
located in Jordan and Palestine, with an elevation amounting to approximately 416 meters below
sea level. Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) has con rmed that the Dead Sea is the


19
     The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 11 (Hud), Verse 79


                                                     41
                                              The Goal of the Wise


location of Sodom and Gomorrah, the cities destroyed by God in the three Abrahamic religions,
Judaism, Christianity, and Islam. He (From Him is Peace) said: “The Dead Sea is drying up now and
ancient artifacts will appear which will change people’s concepts, many things will change if they don’t
hide it.”
      In the Holy Qur’an it states: “So when Our command came, We made the highest point its
lowest.”20 Mistranslations have translated it as such: “So when Our command came, We made the
highest part [of the city] its lowest.” Or as such: “And when Our command came to pass, We turned
the town upside down.”
      But the fact of the matter is it doesn’t say the word city nor town in the Arabic, it just says: “We
made its highest point its lowest.” If today the Dead Sea is the lowest point on Earth, then it must
have been the highest point on Earth. The highest point on Earth used to be the two cities of
Sodom and Gomorrah, which used to be higher than Mount Everest. It was destroyed by God and
made to be its lowest point. From the top of the world to the bottom overnight.




20
     The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 11 (Hud), Verse 82



                                                      42
                 Door Number Four


The Fourth Covenant with Moses (PBUH)




     “They said: ‘O Moses, invoke for us your Lord
              by His covenant with you.’”
                                               The Goal of the Wise


                         any things happened between the Covenants of Abraham and Moses (PBUT)
                         and the words of God concerning the sons of Abraham were ful lled: “Then the
                         Lord said to Abram, ‘Have no doubt that your descendants will live as
                         immigrants in a land that isn’t their own, where they will be oppressed slaves for
four hundred years.’ ”1
      Jacob and Joseph (PBUT) entered into Egypt and they had with them their families, and after
Joseph had passed, the Children of Israel became enslaved in Egypt for four hundred years until the
promised Savior Moses (PBUH) appeared. The reason for the enslavement of the Children of Israel
was due to them breaking the Abrahamic Covenant. They were living in great blessings in Egypt
during the time of Joseph (PBUH) during the rule of Akhenaten (PBUH), the monotheistic King
at the time of Joseph, but after King Akhenaten’s death, his son, King Tut ruled at the young age
of nine years old. The relatives of his wife and the priests in that time controlled him and made him
reverse his father’s decisions and revert the kingdom’s religion back to the polytheistic one they
were practicing before, and they then murdered Tut.
      The Israelites at the time remained silent and did not object to anything and embraced the
reinstated false gods and false religions of Egypt due to their lack of faith, fear of death, and love of
the world. The Israelites even abandoned the religion of Abraham (PBUH) and began worshiping
false idols and Egyptian gods, thus breaking the Abrahamic Covenant and bringing upon
themselves divine retribution and punishment. God thus turned over the Israelites to the Egyptians
who in turn enslaved them. The punishment for breaking the Adamic Covenant was exile from the
Garden of Eden and then God forgave Adam (PBUH) after he repented and reinstated the
Covenant. Then after the people broke the Adamic Covenant once again, God punished them
with the ood. When Nimrod and the generations after Noah broke the Noahic Covenant, God
punished them by dispersing, scattering, and confusing their languages. When the sons of
Abraham broke the Third Covenant, God punished them with enslavement for four hundred years
and He established a new Covenant with Moses (PBUH), and the Lord set out the new Covenant’s
rules and laws in the book of Exodus, Chapters 19-24:


           Chapter 19:
           Then Moses went up to God, and the Lord called to him from the mountain and said,
           “This is what you are to say to the descendants of Jacob and what you are to tell the
           people of Israel: ‘You yourselves have seen what I did to Egypt, and how I carried you on
           eagles’ wings and brought you to myself. Now if you obey me fully and keep my
           covenant, then out of all nations you will be my treasured possession. Although the
           whole earth is mine, you will be for me a kingdom of priests and a holy nation.’ ” 2


1
    The Holy Bible, Book of Genesis, Chapter 15, Verse 13
2
    The Holy Bible, Book of Exodus, Chapter 19, Verses 3-6


                                                             44
                                 the Fourth covenant with Moses (PBUH)


           Chapter 20:
           And God spoke all these words: “I am the Lord your God, who brought you out of
           Egypt, out of the land of slavery. You shall have no other gods before me. You shall not
           make for yourself an image in the form of anything in heaven above or on the earth
           beneath or in the waters below. You shall not bow down to them or worship them; for I,
           the Lord your God, am a jealous God, punishing the children for the sin of the parents
           to the third and fourth generation of those who hate me, but showing love to a thousand
           generations of those who love me and keep my commandments. You shall not misuse
           the name of the Lord your God, for the Lord will not hold anyone guiltless who misuses
           his name. Remember the Sabbath day by keeping it holy. Six days you shall labor and
           do all your work, but the seventh day is a Sabbath to the Lord your God. On it you
           shall not do any work, neither you, nor your son or daughter, nor your male or female
           servant, nor your animals, nor any foreigner residing in your towns. For in six days the
           Lord made the heavens and the earth, the sea, and all that is in them, but he rested on
           the seventh day. Therefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day and made it holy. Honor
           your father and your mother, so that you may live long in the land the Lord your God
           is giving you. You shall not murder. You shall not commit adultery. You shall not steal.
           You shall not give false testimony against your neighbor. You shall not covet your
           neighbor’s house. You shall not covet your neighbor’s wife, or his male or female
           servant, his ox or donkey, or anything that belongs to your neighbor.” When the people
           saw the thunder and lightning and heard the trumpet and saw the mountain in
           smoke, they trembled with fear. They stayed at a distance and said to Moses, “Speak to
           us yourself and we will listen. But do not have God speak to us or we will die.” Moses
           said to the people, “Do not be afraid. God has come to test you, so that the fear of God
           will be with you to keep you from sinning.” The people remained at a distance, while
           Moses approached the thick darkness where God was. Then the Lord said to Moses,
           “Tell the Israelites this: ‘You have seen for yourselves that I have spoken to you from
           heaven: Do not make any gods to be alongside me; do not make for yourselves gods of
           silver or gods of gold. Make an altar of earth for me and sacriﬁce on it your burnt
           oﬀerings and fellowship oﬀerings, your sheep and goats and your cattle. Wherever I
           cause my name to be honored, I will come to you and bless you. If you make an altar of
           stones for me, do not build it with dressed stones, for you will deﬁle it if you use a tool
           on it. And do not go up to my altar on steps, or your private parts may be exposed.’ ” 3




3
    The Holy Bible, Book of Exodus, Chapter 20, Verses 1-26


                                                              45
                                  The Goal of the Wise


Chapter 21:
These are the laws you are to set before them: “If you buy a Hebrew servant, he is to
serve you for six years. But in the seventh year, he shall go free, without paying
anything. If he comes alone, he is to go free alone; but if he has a wife when he comes,
she is to go with him. If his master gives him a wife and she bears him sons or
daughters, the woman and her children shall belong to her master, and only the man
shall go free. But if the servant declares, ‘I love my master and my wife and children
and do not want to go free,’ then his master must take him before the judges. He shall
take him to the door or the doorpost and pierce his ear with an awl. Then he will be his
servant for life. If a man sells his daughter as a servant, she is not to go free as male
servants do. If she does not please the master who has selected her for himself, he must
let her be redeemed. He has no right to sell her to foreigners, because he has broken
faith with her. If he selects her for his son, he must grant her the rights of a daughter. If
he marries another woman, he must not deprive the ﬁrst one of her food, clothing and
marital rights. If he does not provide her with these three things, she is to go free,
without any payment of money. Anyone who strikes a person with a fatal blow is to be
put to death. However, if it is not done intentionally, but God lets it happen, they are to
ﬂee to a place I will designate. But if anyone schemes and kills someone deliberately,
that person is to be taken from my altar and put to death. Anyone who attacks their
father or mother is to be put to death. Anyone who kidnaps someone is to be put to
death, whether the victim has been sold or is still in the kidnapper’s possession. Anyone
who curses their father or mother is to be put to death. If people quarrel and one person
hits another with a stone or with their ﬁst and the victim does not die but is conﬁned to
bed, the one who struck the blow will not be held liable if the other can get up and walk
around outside with a staﬀ; however, the guilty party must pay the injured person for
any loss of time and see that the victim is completely healed. Anyone who beats their
male or female slave with a rod must be punished if the slave dies as a direct result, but
they are not to be punished if the slave recovers after a day or two, since the slave is their
property. If people are ﬁghting and hit a pregnant woman and she gives birth
prematurely but there is no serious injury, the oﬀender must be ﬁned whatever the
woman’s husband demands and the court allows. But if there is serious injury, you are
to take life for life, eye for eye, tooth for tooth, hand for hand, foot for foot, burn for
burn, wound for wound, bruise for bruise. An owner who hits a male or female slave
in the eye and destroys it must let the slave go free to compensate for the eye. And an
owner who knocks out the tooth of a male or female slave must let the slave go free to
compensate for the tooth. If a bull gores a man or woman to death, the bull is to be
stoned to death, and its meat must not be eaten. But the owner of the bull will not be
held responsible. If, however, the bull has had the habit of goring and the owner has


                                             46
                                 the Fourth covenant with Moses (PBUH)


           been warned but has not kept it penned up and it kills a man or woman, the bull is to
           be stoned and its owner also is to be put to death. However, if payment is demanded,
           the owner may redeem his life by the payment of whatever is demanded. This law also
           applies if the bull gores a son or daughter. If the bull gores a male or female slave, the
           owner must pay thirty shekels of silver to the master of the slave, and the bull is to be
           stoned to death. If anyone uncovers a pit or digs one and fails to cover it and an ox or a
           donkey falls into it, the one who opened the pit must pay the owner for the loss and take
           the dead animal in exchange. If anyone’s bull injures someone else’s bull and it dies,
           the two parties are to sell the live one and divide both the money and the dead animal
           equally. However, if it was known that the bull had the habit of goring, yet the owner
           did not keep it penned up, the owner must pay, animal for animal, and take the dead
           animal in exchange.” 4


           Chapter 22:
           Whoever steals an ox or a sheep and slaughters it or sells it must pay back ﬁve head of
           cattle for the ox and four sheep for the sheep. If a thief is caught breaking in at night
           and is struck a fatal blow, the defender is not guilty of bloodshed; but if it happens
           after sunrise, the defender is guilty of bloodshed. Anyone who steals must certainly
           make restitution, but if they have nothing, they must be sold to pay for their theft. If
           the stolen animal is found alive in their possession—whether ox or donkey or
           sheep—they must pay back double. If anyone grazes their livestock in a ﬁeld or
           vineyard and lets them stray and they graze in someone else’s ﬁeld, the oﬀender must
           make restitution from the best of their own ﬁeld or vineyard. If a ﬁre breaks out and
           spreads into thorn bushes so that it burns shocks of grain or standing grain or the whole
           ﬁeld, the one who started the ﬁre must make restitution. If anyone gives a neighbor
           silver or goods for safekeeping and they are stolen from the neighbor’s house, the thief, if
           caught, must pay back double. But if the thief is not found, the owner of the house must
           appear before the judges, and they must determine whether the owner of the house has
           laid hands on the other person’s property. In all cases of illegal possession of an ox, a
           donkey, a sheep, a garment, or any other lost property about which somebody says, ‘This
           is mine,’ both parties are to bring their cases before the judges. The one whom the judges
           declare guilty must pay back double to the other. If anyone gives a donkey, an ox, a
           sheep or any other animal to their neighbor for safekeeping and it dies or is injured or
           is taken away while no one is looking, the issue between them will be settled by the
           taking of an oath before the Lord that the neighbor did not lay hands on the other
           person’s property. The owner is to accept this, and no restitution is required. But if the

4
    The Holy Bible, Book of Exodus, Chapter 21, Verses 1-36


                                                              47
                                               The Goal of the Wise


           animal was stolen from the neighbor, restitution must be made to the owner. If it was
           torn to pieces by a wild animal, the neighbor shall bring in the remains as evidence
           and shall not be required to pay for the torn animal. If anyone borrows an animal
           from their neighbor and it is injured or dies while the owner is not present, they must
           make restitution. But if the owner is with the animal, the borrower will not have to
           pay. If the animal was hired, the money paid for the hire covers the loss. If a man
           seduces a virgin who is not pledged to be married and sleeps with her, he must pay the
           bride-price, and she shall be his wife. If her father absolutely refuses to give her to him,
           he must still pay the bride-price for virgins. Do not allow a sorceress to live. Anyone who
           has sexual relations with an animal is to be put to death. Whoever sacriﬁces to any god
           other than the Lord must be destroyed. Do not mistreat or oppress a foreigner, for you
           were foreigners in Egypt. Do not take advantage of the widow or the fatherless. If you
           do and they cry out to me, I will certainly hear their cry. My anger will be aroused,
           and I will kill you with the sword; your wives will become widows and your children
           fatherless. If you lend money to one of my people among you who is needy, do not treat
           it like a business deal; charge no interest. If you take your neighbor’s cloak as a pledge,
           return it by sunset, because that cloak is the only covering your neighbor has. What else
           can they sleep in? When they cry out to me, I will hear, for I am compassionate. Do not
           blaspheme God or curse the ruler of your people. Do not hold back oﬀerings from your
           granaries or your vats. You must give me the ﬁrstborn of your sons. Do the same with
           your cattle and your sheep. Let them stay with their mothers for seven days, but give
           them to me on the eighth day. You are to be my holy people. So do not eat the meat of an
           animal torn by wild beasts; throw it to the dogs.5


           Chapter 23:
           Do not spread false reports. Do not help a guilty person by being a malicious witness.
           Do not follow the crowd in doing wrong. When you give testimony in a lawsuit, do not
           pervert justice by siding with the crowd, and do not show favoritism to a poor person in
           a lawsuit. If you come across your enemy’s ox or donkey wandering oﬀ, be sure to
           return it. If you see the donkey of someone who hates you fallen down under its load, do
           not leave it there; be sure you help them with it. Do not deny justice to your poor people
           in their lawsuits. Have nothing to do with a false charge and do not put an innocent or
           honest person to death, for I will not acquit the guilty. Do not accept a bribe, for a bribe
           blinds those who see and twists the words of the innocent. Do not oppress a foreigner;
           you yourselves know how it feels to be foreigners, because you were foreigners in Egypt.
           For six years you are to sow your ﬁelds and harvest the crops, but during the seventh


5
    The Holy Bible, Book of Exodus, Chapter 22, Verses 1-31


                                                              48
                   the Fourth covenant with Moses (PBUH)


year let the land lie unplowed and unused. Then the poor among your people may get
food from it, and the wild animals may eat what is left. Do the same with your
vineyard and your olive grove. Six days do your work, but on the seventh day do not
work, so that your ox and your donkey may rest, and so that the slave born in your
household and the foreigner living among you may be refreshed. Be careful to do
everything I have said to you. Do not invoke the names of other gods; do not let them be
heard on your lips. Three times a year you are to celebrate a festival to me. Celebrate
the Festival of Unleavened Bread; for seven days eat bread made without yeast, as I
commanded you. Do this at the appointed time in the month of Aviv, for in that
month you came out of Egypt. No one is to appear before me empty-handed. Celebrate
the Festival of Harvest with the ﬁrstfruits of the crops you sow in your ﬁeld. Celebrate
the Festival of Ingathering at the end of the year, when you gather in your crops from
the ﬁeld. Three times a year all the men are to appear before the Sovereign Lord. Do
not oﬀer the blood of a sacriﬁce to me along with anything containing yeast. The fat of
my festival oﬀerings must not be kept until morning. Bring the best of the ﬁrstfruits of
your soil to the house of the Lord your God. Do not cook a young goat in its mother’s
milk. See, I am sending an Angel ahead of you to guard you along the way and to
bring you to the place I have prepared. Pay attention to him and listen to what he says.
Do not rebel against him; he will not forgive your rebellion, since my Name is in him.
If you listen carefully to what he says and do all that I say, I will be an enemy to your
enemies and will oppose those who oppose you. My angel will go ahead of you and bring
you into the land of the Amorites, Hittites, Perizzites, Canaanites, Hivites and
Jebusites, and I will wipe them out. Do not bow down before their gods or worship them
or follow their practices. You must demolish them and break their sacred stones to
pieces. Worship the Lord your God, and his blessing will be on your food and water. I
will take away sickness from among you, and none will miscarry or be barren in your
land. I will give you a full life span. I will send my terror ahead of you and throw into
confusion every nation you encounter. I will make all your enemies turn their backs
and run. I will send the hornet ahead of you to drive the Hivites, Canaanites and
Hittites out of your way. But I will not drive them out in a single year, because the
land would become desolate and the wild animals too numerous for you. Little by little
I will drive them out before you, until you have increased enough to take possession of
the land. I will establish your borders from the Red Sea to the Mediterranean Sea,
and from the desert to the Euphrates River. I will give into your hands the people who
live in the land, and you will drive them out before you. Do not make a Covenant with




                                           49
                                               The Goal of the Wise


           them or with their gods. Do not let them live in your land or they will cause you to sin
           against me, because the worship of their gods will certainly be a snare to you.6


           Chapter 24:
           Then the Lord said to Moses, “Come up to the Lord, you and Aaron, Nadab and
           Abihu, and seventy of the elders of Israel. You are to worship at a distance, but Moses
           alone is to approach the Lord; the others must not come near. And the people may not
           come up with him.” When Moses went and told the people all the Lord’s words and
           laws, they responded with one voice, “Everything the Lord has said we will do.” Moses
           then wrote down everything the Lord had said. He got up early the next morning and
           built an altar at the foot of the mountain and set up twelve stone pillars representing
           the twelve tribes of Israel. Then he sent young Israelite men, and they oﬀered burnt
           oﬀerings and sacriﬁced young bulls as fellowship oﬀerings to the Lord. Moses took half
           of the blood and put it in bowls, and the other half he splashed against the altar. Then
           he took the Book of the Covenant and read it to the people. They responded, “We will do
           everything the Lord has said; we will obey.”7


The Fourth Covenant with the Lord was signi cantly more detailed with more laws and
instructions. This was because humanity’s needs had changed and more complex laws were needed
to manage its a airs. When the First Covenant came down, there was only Adam and Eve (PBUT)
and when the Second Covenant was established there were none but Noah (PBUH) and his family
that were with him in the Ark. Upon the establishment of the Third Covenant there were none
included in the Covenant except for Abraham and his family (PBUT) and those with him, but in
this time, there was Moses (PBUH) and six hundred thousand Israelites, so of course, there was a
need for more complex laws and decrees. Every Covenant was tied to land. In the Adamic
Covenant God gave Adam (PBUH) the Garden of Eden (in modern-day Iraq). In the Second
Covenant God gave Noah (PBUH) the entire Earth. In the Third Covenant God gave Abraham
(PBUH) the promised land from the Nile to the Euphrates. Hence, in the Fourth Covenant God
gives Moses (PBUH) from the Red Sea to the Mediterranean Sea and from the desert to the
Euphrates River. God instructs Moses (PBUH) with many other things as well, such as forbidding
his nation to work on the Sabbath or Saturday. This would be the sign of the Mosaic Covenant
with God for no other nation before that rested and worked not on a day in the week. Many other
parts of the previous Covenants were con rmed in the Mosaic Covenant. One of them being
circumcision.
      Another interesting point we would like to make is that in the Holy Qur’an it says in Surah
Al-Baqarah: “And [mention, O Muhammad], when Abraham was tried by his Lord with
6
    The Holy Bible, Book of Exodus, Chapter 23, Verses 1-33
7
    The Holy Bible, Book of Exodus, Chapter 24, Verses 1-7


                                                              50
                              the Fourth covenant with Moses (PBUH)


commands and he fulﬁlled them. [Allah] said, “Indeed, I will make you a leader for the people.”
[Abraham] said, “And of my descendants?” [Allah] said, “My Covenant is not extended to the
wrongdoers. ”8
    So here we see that the Covenant of God does not include the wrongdoers or the children of
Cain. The children of Cain or Satan are not protected by God in any way, shape, or form. God
deemed it permissible even that they be eliminated. In the Bible it states in the book of Exodus:


         In the course of time Moses grew up. Then he went to [see] his own people and watched
         them suﬀering under forced labor. He saw a Hebrew, one of his own people, being
         beaten by an Egyptian. He looked all around, and when he didn’t see anyone, he beat
         the Egyptian to death and hid the body in the sand. When Moses went there the next
         day, he saw two Hebrew men ﬁghting. He asked the one who started the ﬁght, “Why
         are you beating another Hebrew?” The man asked, “Who made you our ruler and
         judge? Are you going to kill me as you killed the Egyptian?” Then Moses was afraid
         and thought that everyone knew what he had done. When Pharaoh heard what Moses
         had done, he tried to have him killed. But Moses ﬂed from Pharaoh and settled in the
         land of Midian.9


In the Holy Qur’an, Surah Al-Qasas, it states: “And he entered the city at a time of unawareness of
its people, and he found there two men ﬁghting, - one of his party (his religion - from the Children of
Israel), and the other of his foes. The man of his (own) party asked him for help against his foe, so
Moosa (Moses) struck him with his ﬁst and killed him. He said: ‘This is the work of Satan, verily, he is
a plain misleading enemy.’ ”10
    The phrases “deed” or “work” are used on multiple occasions in the Qur’an, to describe an
unrighteous person. On the occasion of the Egyptian whom Moses killed, the Egyptian was
described as a “deed” or “work” of Satan. In terms of the son of Noah (PBUH), he was described as
an “unrighteous deed” or “unrighteous work.” Unrighteous deeds and works only come from
Satan and his seed. Therefore, we can see that in terms of “unrighteous works” or “works of the
devil,” they are both terms describing people who are descendants of Satan and Cain. In both
situations, it is ethically and morally justi able to eliminate them to ensure that good prevails and
evil is stopped. God told Noah (PBUH) to leave one to die in the ood and Moses (PBUH) justi es
his actions by saying it was a son of Satan. This is necessary to point out as it explains why these
Covenants and future ones would justify the elimination, torture, and pillaging of non-believers. It
is because the non-believers who remain upon their non-belief are not a part of the Covenant and
are the works/deeds/seed/children of Satan.

8
  The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 2 (Al-Baqarah), Verse 124
9
  The Holy Bible, Book of Exodus, Chapter 2, Verses 11-15
10
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 28 (Al-Qasas), Verse 15


                                                            51
                                             The Goal of the Wise


For this reason, you will nd in the Torah, the Gospels, and the Qur’an many verses pertaining to
the killing and destruction of the non-Israelites, even though at times, it included women and
children. Take the story of Saul, for example, God says in the Book of 1 Samuel: “Samuel said to
Saul, “I am the one the Lord sent to anoint you king over his people Israel; so listen now to the message
from the Lord. This is what the Lord Almighty says: ‘I will punish the Amalekites for what they did to
Israel when they waylaid them as they came up from Egypt. Now go, attack the Amalekites and totally
destroy all that belongs to them. Do not spare them; put to death men and women, children and
infants, cattle and sheep, camels and donkeys.’ ”11 What sin or crime could the children and infants
have committed except that they were Satan’s o spring destined to spread more evil, chaos, and
destruction? God also gives Joshua (PBUH) similar commands. In the book of Joshua, it says:


         Then the priests blew the trumpets, and Joshua yelled: ‘Get ready to shout! The Lord
         will let you capture this town. But you must destroy it and everything in it, to show that
         it now belongs to the Lord. The woman Rahab helped the spies we sent, so protect her
         and the others who are inside her house. But kill everyone else in the town. The silver
         and gold and everything made of bronze and iron belong to the Lord and must be put
         in his treasury. Be careful to follow these instructions, because if you see something you
         want and take it, the Lord will destroy Israel. And it will be all your fault.’ The priests
         blew their trumpets again, and the soldiers shouted as loud as they could. The walls of
         Jericho fell ﬂat. Then the soldiers rushed up the hill, went straight into the town, and
         captured it. They killed everyone, men and women, young and old, everyone except
         Rahab and the others in her house. They even killed every cow, sheep, and donkey.12

The examples of this are many in the Bible. In the Qur’an, we see similarly how the Righteous
Servant is with Moses (PBUH) and in Surah Al-Kahf kills a child, not for any sin he committed yet,
but simply because he was unrighteous and was to grow up to be unrighteous or a seed of Satan.
Remember that the Righteous Servant was a successor of God on the Earth with the ability to see
what Moses (PBUH) could not yet. In the Qur’an, it states: “So, they moved ahead until when they
met a boy, he killed him (the boy). He (Mūsā) said, “Did you kill an innocent soul while he did not
kill anyone? You have committed a heinous act indeed.” He said, “Did I not tell you that you can
never bear with me patiently?” He (Mūsā) said, “If I ask you about something after this, do not allow
me your company. You have now reached a point where you have a valid excuse (to part with me) from
my own side.”13 Until it said: “As for the boy, his parents were believers. We apprehended that he
would impose rebellion and inﬁdelity upon them. We, therefore, wished that their Lord would replace



11
   The Holy Bible, Book of 1 Samuel, Chapter 15, Verses 1-3
12
   The Holy Bible, Book of Joshua, Chapter 6, Verses 16-21
13
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 18 (Al-Kahf), Verses 74-76


                                                         52
                              the Fourth covenant with Moses (PBUH)


him with someone better than him in piety and more inclined toward mercy.”14 So clearly, the boy
had not committed any sins yet, but was certainly going to because he was a ‘work of the devil.’
     Remember, the spilling of a believer’s blood had been forbidden in all the previous religions
because the blood of a believer is protected by the Covenant. This idea of the blood of the
disbeliever being acceptable to be spilled simply for being a disbeliever rst appears when God
orders Noah (PBUH) to abandon his son, but in reality, it never came into practice as law until the
Mosaic Covenant. This is perhaps one of the most important additions to the Mosaic
Covenant. The sanctioning of the blood of Satan and his children, who will always be determined
to spill the blood of Adam and his children. Let us be categorically clear: We are not condoning the
spilling of the blood of non-believers. We are simply illustrating what took place under past
Covenants based on stories in the Bible and the Qur’an. Clearly, the reasoning presented for these
divine interventions, or preemptions, was to prevent the spread of evil, vice, and corruption by
eliminating the irredeemable seeds of Satan. Of course, only God and his vicegerent were capable of
having the knowledge to act preemptively to eliminate the roots of evil and corruption.
     Another example of God preemptively eliminating children that had not yet committed sin
except that they were children of Satan who would naturally grow up to commit evil and sins, was
the punishment upon the Egyptians in the time of Moses (PBUH). This is commonly known as the
death of the ﬁrstborn. In the Bible, it states: “This is what the LORD says: ‘About midnight I will go
throughout Egypt. Every ﬁrstborn son in Egypt will die, from the ﬁrstborn son of Pharaoh, who sits on
the throne, to the ﬁrstborn of the female slave, who is at her hand mill, and all the ﬁrstborn of the
cattle as well.’ ”15


Here are some other verses where God sanctions the killing of children and newborns in the Bible:


Isaiah 13:16 – “Their children also shall be dashed to pieces before their eyes; their houses shall be
spoiled, and their wives ravished.”16


Hosea 13:16 – “Samaria shall become desolate; for she hath rebelled against her God: they shall fall
by the sword: their infants shall be dashed in pieces, and their women with child shall be ripped up.”17


2 Kings 15:16 – “Then Menahem smote Tiphsah, and all that were therein, and the coasts thereof
from Tirzah: because they opened not to him, therefore he smote it; and all the women therein that
were with child he ripped up.”18


14
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 18 (Al-Kahf), Verses 80-81
15
   The Holy Bible, Book of Exodus, Chapter 11, Verses 4-5
16
   The Holy Bible, Book of Isaiah, Chapter 13, Verse 16
17
   The Holy Bible, Book of Hosea, Chapter 13, Verse 16
18
   The Holy Bible, Book of 2 Kings, Chapter 15, Verse 16


                                                            53
                                              The Goal of the Wise




Numbers 31:17 – “Now therefore kill every male among the little ones, and kill every woman that
hath known man by lying with him.”19


We would like to highlight a few important points so far:


        1. Even though we included quite a few new laws in this Door, there are still many more laws
           listed in the Torah and in particular throughout the book of Leviticus which show how
           complex and how numerous the laws became in the Fourth Covenant. This was the case
           because now Moses (PBUH) e ectively became head of state, leading a nation of over half a
           million Israelites. The existence of a nation and all the personal problems and complaints
           and issues associated with it called for the creation of laws that dealt with every issue the
           society faced at that time. You can read all the laws in the Torah.


        2. The existence of a nation and the establishment of a nation-state would inevitably lead to
            the rise of threats and wars with neighboring peoples. If God is with the nation of Israel
            then the enemies of Israel are the enemies of God. And naturally, laws had to be placed
            which allowed the sons of Adam to e ectively defend themselves from the sons of Cain.
            Previously, in the rst three Covenants, good always became outnumbered by evil, and did
            not ever really have the resources or ability to defend itself. In this Covenant of Moses
            (PBUH), the children of Adam, for the rst time, have the rare opportunity to defend
            themselves against the sons of Satan and Cain. Therefore, permission was granted to the
            Israelites to exterminate every man, woman, and child descendant of Satan and Cain.


        3. Many restrictions came into existence that did not previously exist with the rst three
            Covenants. Laws that dealt with marriage, fornication, adultery, and homosexuality all
            came into e ect in order to mainly protect harmony and unity in society. So if anyone took
            someone’s wife, they were to be punished because that would a ect the harmony of society.
            Even though previously there were no explicit laws that forbid, for example, sexual unions
            outside of marriage, rather there were no laws pertaining to marriage at all, there still existed
            man-made agreements and understandings between men and women and neighbors with
            what they considered to be acceptable and unacceptable. The Israelites found it
            unacceptable that a woman sleeps with someone else other than the man who took her, and
            thus it was adopted into the Mosaic laws. The Israelites also found it acceptable that a man
            take as many wives as he could a ord and thus it was adopted by Moses (PBUH) and it was
            made into law. And as such with the dietary restrictions and everything else: “All food was


19
     The Holy Bible, Book of Numbers, Chapter 31, Verse 17


                                                             54
                                the Fourth covenant with Moses (PBUH)


            lawful for the Children of Israel, except what Israel made unlawful for himself before the
            Torah was revealed. Say, [O Muhammad], ‘So bring the Torah and recite it, if you should be
            truthful.’ ”20


        4. This is perhaps one of the most important qur’anic verses in relation to this discussion as it
            shows that everything was hallal (permissible) for the Israelites before the Torah (the Fourth
            Covenant). And it was those restrictions that Israel placed on himself that were later
            adopted by Moses and instated as divine law. And God tells us in this verse that if you don’t
            believe me go back and study the Torah and see the progression of the laws from the First
            Covenant to the Fourth and see for yourself.


After Moses (PBUH) had passed, Joshua son of Nun conquered the surrounding cities and
nations, exterminating many of the children of Cain, and a great Kingdom was established, the
Kingdom of Israel. Saul became the rst Israelite King and he was divinely appointed by God
through Prophet Samuel. And thus the Kingdom of Israel became the only nation to have its Kings
divinely appointed by God. The Supremacy of God is the system of government that they had and
thus, they were God’s chosen people. Even though many of the other rulers and kings claimed to be
o spring of the Gods or claimed to draw their legitimacy from the Gods, Israel was the only
Kingdom whose leaders truly were from God and appointed by God and could demonstrate their
names being in the Will of previous Prophets and Messengers, could demonstrate knowledge and
called towards the Supremacy of God. King David became the second King of Israel. And now we
see something interesting because there is an apparent contradiction. King David apparently
violates one of the Mosaic laws as head of state.


           In the spring, at the time when kings go oﬀ to war, David sent Joab out with the king’s
           men and the whole Israelite army. They destroyed the Ammonites and besieged
           Rabbah. But David remained in Jerusalem. One evening David got up from his bed
           and walked around on the roof of the palace. From the roof he saw a woman bathing.
           The woman was very beautiful, And David sent someone to ﬁnd out about her. The
           man said, “Isn’t this Bathsheba, the daughter of Eliam and the wife of Uriah the
           Hittite?” Then David sent messengers to get her. She came to him, and he slept with
           her. (She had puriﬁed herself from her uncleanness.) Then she went back home. The
           woman conceived and sent word to David, saying, “I am pregnant.” So David sent this
           word to Joab: “Send me Uriah the Hittite.” And Joab sent him to David. When Uriah
           came to him, David asked him how Joab was, how the soldiers were and how the war
           was going. Then David said to Uriah, “Go down to your house and wash your feet.” So

20
     The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 3 (Al-Imran), Verse 93


                                                       55
                                               The Goal of the Wise


            Uriah left the palace, and a gift from the king was sent after him. But Uriah slept at
            the entrance to the palace with all his master’s servants and did not go down to his
            house. David was told, “Uriah did not go home.” So he asked Uriah, “Haven’t you just
            come from a military campaign? Why didn’t you go home?” Uriah said to David,
            “The ark and Israel and Judah are staying in tents, and my commander Joab and my
            lord’s men are camped in the open country. How could I go to my house to eat and
            drink and make love to my wife? As surely as you live, I will not do such a thing!”
            Then David said to him, “Stay here one more day, and tomorrow I will send you
            back.” So Uriah remained in Jerusalem that day and the next. At David’s invitation,
            he ate and drank with him, and David made him drunk. But in the evening Uriah
            went out to sleep on his mat among his master’s servants; he did not go home. In the
            morning David wrote a letter to Joab and sent it with Uriah. In it he wrote, “Put
            Uriah in the front line where the ﬁghting is ﬁercest. Then withdraw from him so he
            will be struck down and die.” So while Joab had the city under siege, he put Uriah at a
            place where he knew the strongest defenders were. When the men of the city came out
            and fought against Joab, some of the men in David’s army fell; moreover, Uriah the
            Hittite died. Joab sent David a full account of the battle. He instructed the messenger:
            “When you have ﬁnished giving the king this account of the battle, the king’s anger
            may ﬂare up, and he may ask you, ‘Why did you get so close to the city to ﬁght? Didn’t
            you know they would shoot arrows from the wall? Who killed Abimelech son of
            Jerub-Besheth? Didn’t a woman drop an upper millstone on him from the wall, so that
            he died in Thebez? Why did you get so close to the wall?’ If he asks you this, then say to
            him, ‘Moreover, your servant Uriah the Hittite is dead.’” The messenger set out, and
            when he arrived he told David everything Joab had sent him to say. The messenger
            said to David, “The men overpowered us and came out against us in the open, but we
            drove them back to the entrance to the city gate. Then the archers shot arrows at your
            servants from the wall, and some of the king’s men died. Moreover, your servant
            Uriah the Hittite is dead.” David told the messenger, “Say this to Joab: ‘Don’t let this
            upset you; the sword devours one as well as another. Press the attack against the city
            and destroy it.’ Say this to encourage Joab.” When Uriah’s wife heard that her
            husband was dead, she mourned for him. After the time of mourning was over, David
            had her brought to his house, and she became his wife and bore him a son. But the
            thing David had done displeased the Lord.21




21
     The Holy Bible, Book of 2 Samuel, Chapter 11, Verses 1-27


                                                           56
                                 the Fourth covenant with Moses (PBUH)


            Nathan Rebukes David
            The Lord sent Nathan to David. When he came to him, he said, “There were two men
            in a certain town, one rich and the other poor. The rich man had a very large number
            of sheep and cattle, but the poor man had nothing except one little ewe lamb he had
            bought. He raised it, and it grew up with him and his children. It shared his food,
            drank from his cup and even slept in his arms. It was like a daughter to him. Now a
            traveler came to the rich man, but the rich man refrained from taking one of his own
            sheep or cattle to prepare a meal for the traveler who had come to him. Instead, he took
            the ewe lamb that belonged to the poor man and prepared it for the one who had come
            to him.” David burned with anger against the man and said to Nathan, “As surely as
            the Lord lives, the man who did this must die! He must pay for that lamb four times
            over, because he did such a thing and had no pity.” Then Nathan said to David, “You
            are the man! This is what the Lord, the God of Israel, says: ‘I anointed you king over
            Israel, and I delivered you from the hand of Saul. I gave your master’s house to you,
            and your master’s wives into your arms. I gave you all Israel and Judah. And if all
            this had been too little, I would have given you even more. Why did you despise the
            word of the Lord by doing what is evil in his eyes? You struck down Uriah the Hittite
            with the sword and took his wife to be your own. You killed him with the sword of the
            Ammonites. Now, therefore, the sword will never depart from your house, because you
            despised me and took the wife of Uriah the Hittite to be your own.’ “This is what the
            Lord says: ‘Out of your own household I am going to bring calamity on you. Before
            your very eyes I will take your wives and give them to one who is close to you, and he
            will sleep with your wives in broad daylight. You did it in secret, but I will do this
            thing in broad daylight before all Israel.’” Then David said to Nathan, “I have
            sinned against the Lord.” Nathan replied, “The Lord has taken away your sin. You
            are not going to die. But because by doing this you have shown utter contempt for the
            Lord, the son born to you will die.”22


Even though the matter displeased the Lord and God was angered against David for having Uriah
killed in such a way, God still forgave David and did not blame Bathsheba at all. He blessed David
and Bathsheba, and after punishing David with the death of his son with Bathsheba, He caused
them to have a new son, and they named him Solomon. In order to understand this story we must
point out a few things. Firstly, the concept that this was a made-up story and not true, as Muslims
usually claim, is refuted by the Qur’an. Allah stated in the Qur’an the following verses:




22
     The Holy Bible, Book of 2 Samuel, Chapter 12, Verses 1-14


                                                           57
                                               The Goal of the Wise


            As they came upon David and he was frightened of them they said: “Be not afraid. We
            are just two litigants: one of us has committed excess against the other. So judge rightly
            between us, and be not unjust; and guide us to the Right Way. Behold, this is my
            brother; he has ninety-nine ewes and I have only one ewe.” And yet he said: “Give her
            into my charge,” and he got the better of me in argument. David said: “He has
            certainly wronged you in seeking to add your ewe to his ewes; and indeed many who
            live together commit excesses, one to the other, except those that believe and act
            righteously; and they are but few.” (While so saying) David realized that it is We
            Who have put him to test; therefore, he sought the forgiveness of his Lord, and fell
            down, bowing and penitently turning (to Him). Thereupon We forgave him his
            shortcoming and indeed (an exalted position of) nearness awaits him, and an excellent
            resort. (We said to him): “O David, We have appointed you vicegerent on earth.
            Therefore, rule among people with justice and do not follow (your) desire lest it should
            lead you astray from Allah’s Path. Allah’s severe chastisement awaits those who stray
            away from Allah’s Path, for they had forgotten the Day of Reckoning.” 23


So the story of David and Nathan and the parable of the rich man and the poor man with many
sheep is repeated again in the Qur’an, so that none can deny the story of what happened with David
and Bathsheba. The issues God had with David are that David had one of his sincere servants killed,
he took his wife even though he himself had many wives and his servant only had one, and lastly
that David was unjust because he judged others (in his judgment of the two men parable)
di erently than he judged himself.


God forgave David as such:


        1. As for the killing of his servant, Islamic narrations state that after the death of Uriah, God
            gave him the choice of vengeance against David or that he attain the same rank as David
            (PBUH). Uriah chose the latter and forgave David. Yet God still caused the rst son of
            David to die after getting sick, and the death of the son was for the death of Uriah, an eye
            for an eye and a tooth for a tooth. Thus was David forgiven for the death.


        2. As for David taking the wife, David’s son, Absalom, slept with all of his father’s concubines
            in the sight of all of Israel. In 2 Samuel it states: “So they pitched a tent for Absalom on the
            roof, and he slept with his father’s concubines in the sight of all Israel.”24



23
     The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 38 (Ṣād), Verses 22-26
24
     The Holy Bible, Book of 2 Samuel, Chapter 16, Verse 22


                                                              58
                                 the Fourth covenant with Moses (PBUH)


        3. As for judging others di erently than how he judged himself, God took his judgment and
            punished him by his own scales.


But there are many issues which are problematic that remain. And they are the following
philosophical and theological questions: Well, what if David had judged di erently, and not been so
harsh with the rich man who took from the poor man, would it have changed God’s judgment?
Why is God suddenly very upset and angered with this incident of adultery when in the previous
three Covenants there were no laws outlawing it? How could a child such as Solomon be the result
of such a marriage? Why wasn’t God angered at Bathsheba?
      The answers to the questions seem to be that God’s major problem was with the judgment of
David. Because God is just, the golden rule in all religions has been: “Do to others as you would have
them do to you.”25 For that reason, God is accepting of anything and everything that you yourself
would accept unto you. Just don’t be a hypocrite and have one set of values and rules when it
pertains to you and another set when it pertains to others. And if humanity simply followed that
one rule, there would be no need for any others. In fact, it seems that Karma itself was brought into
existence in order to uphold that one rule, do to others as you would like done unto you, and if not,
then it shall be done unto you what you do unto others. Thus the answer would be yes, God’s
judgment of the case was totally based on David’s own self-judgment, whatever he would judge
others by, he must judge himself by. If he forgives others he can forgive himself, if he judges others
he must judge himself. The same scales he uses for others he must use for himself. And this seems
to be the reason why God adopts so many cultural and traditional norms as previously
demonstrated into the Covenants, as long as they do not negatively a ect justice and harmony in
society, because what God ultimately wants is peace and harmony, and justice is established by
doing to others like we would want done unto us. And so for example, to further demonstrate my
point, if David was brought up as a child believing and being programmed to think that it was
acceptable for a woman to be married to many men, and then he did what he did with Uriah’s wife,
and Nathan presents the same issue to him from anew, his judgment would naturally be di erent,
and therefore he would be judged by his own judgment and his own understanding and what he
would accept for his own self.
      Another point which we would like to point out is that David was the vicegerent and divinely
appointed King who upheld the Mosaic Covenant. And yet he broke one of the ten
commandments, “You shall not covet your neighbor’s wife”, and virtually committed the same sin as
Adam. Both of them were forgiven and not replaced for breaking the divine laws. This can only be
interpreted in one way and that is, the vicegerent of God is above the laws. This means that just as
in most countries there are laws which forbid the head of state from being prosecuted for crimes
while in o ce, the vicegerent of God is above being prosecuted for breaking the laws of the

25
     The Holy Bible, Book of Luke, Chapter 6, Verse 31


                                                         59
                                                The Goal of the Wise


Covenant. In the United States, for example, a sitting president is immune from criminal
indictment or prosecution. In the United Kingdom, the king or queen has sovereign immunity,
which means that the king or queen as head of the state ‘cannot commit a legal wrong and is
immune from civil suit or criminal prosecution’. As such, the vicegerent of God while in o ce
cannot commit a legal wrong and is immune from being kicked out of o ce except in one case, and
that is treason.
      After it became clear that the vicegerent of God is above the law and above jurisprudence, we
now understand why God did not blame Bathsheba nor did He get angry with her. It is because
Bathsheba obeyed the vicegerent of God at that time, King David (PBUH), and it is not for her to
judge him. Not only did God not blame her, but rather He rewarded her for her obedience by
making her a queen and a mother of a Proof of God at the same time, King Solomon (PBUH). We
have clari ed before that the vicegerents of God can make mistakes and do make mistakes, but it is
not for people to judge them, for only God judges His vicegerent. As for the people, if the
truthfulness of the divine Messenger has been proven to them, then it is incumbent upon them to
obey him.
      King Solomon came to be appointed after David (PBUT) and he was given a Kingdom the likes
of no one before him. He was not only given knowledge and wisdom and understanding and
authority like none before but he was also given riches like none other. Solomon (PBUH)
understood the languages of the animals, could command the elements of nature such as the wind
and had authority over the demons and the jinn, and he also had seven hundred wives and three
hundred concubines. In 1 Kings it states about Solomon: “He had seven hundred wives of royal
birth and three hundred concubines,”26 which means he was married to seven hundred princesses.
And he was extremely rich and lived a lavish lifestyle.


            Solomon’s Splendor
            The weight of the gold that Solomon received yearly was 666 talents, not including the
            revenues brought in by merchants and traders. Also all the kings of Arabia and the
            governors of the territories brought gold and silver to Solomon. King Solomon made
            two hundred large shields of hammered gold; six hundred shekels of hammered gold
            went into each shield. He also made three hundred small shields of hammered gold,
            with three hundred shekels of gold in each shield. The king put them in the Palace of
            the Forest of Lebanon. Then the king made a great throne covered with ivory and
            overlaid with pure gold. The throne had six steps, and a footstool of gold was attached
            to it. On both sides of the seat were armrests, with a lion standing beside each of them.
            Twelve lions stood on the six steps, one at either end of each step. Nothing like it had
            ever been made for any other kingdom. All King Solomon’s goblets were gold, and all


26
     The Holy Bible, Book of 1 Kings, Chapter 11, Verse 3


                                                            60
                                 the Fourth covenant with Moses (PBUH)


            the household articles in the Palace of the Forest of Lebanon were pure gold. Nothing
            was made of silver, because silver was considered of little value in Solomon’s day. The
            king had a ﬂeet of trading ships manned by Hiram’s servants. Once every three years it
            returned, carrying gold, silver and ivory, and apes and baboons. King Solomon was
            greater in riches and wisdom than all the other kings of the earth. All the kings of the
            earth sought audience with Solomon to hear the wisdom God had put in his heart. Year
            after year, everyone who came brought a gift—articles of silver and gold, and robes,
            weapons and spices, and horses and mules. Solomon had four thousand stalls for horses
            and chariots, and twelve thousand horses, which he kept in the chariot cities and also
            with him in Jerusalem. He ruled over all the kings from the Euphrates River to the
            land of the Philistines, as far as the border of Egypt. The king made silver as common
            in Jerusalem as stones, and cedar as plentiful as sycamore-ﬁg trees in the foothills.
            Solomon’s horses were imported from Egypt and from all other countries.27


I would like to point out here that as you can clearly see, a vicegerent appointed by God, living a
rich lifestyle is not a reason one can use to disbelieve in him, for then we should disbelieve in
Solomon rst. Solomon’s extremely huge number of wives led to his eventual downfall and to
turmoil in the Kingdom of Israel and led to false gods being introduced in the Kingdom of God,
and it led to Solomon’s sons losing power in Israel. And this is one of the reasons that in the next
Covenant, the Jesuit Covenant, the laws change from allowing polygamy to outlawing it and
enforcing only monogamous marriages.




27
     The Holy Bible, Book of 2 Chronicles, Chapter 9, Verses 13-28


                                                            61
The Goal of the Wise




        62
                     Door Number Five


The Fifth Covenant with Jesus (PBUH)




“In the same way, after the supper Jesus took the cup, saying,
          ‘This cup is the new covenant in my blood,
                 which is poured out for you.’”
                                       The Goal of the Wise


                he Children of Israel went back on their oaths and rebelled a lot. They repeatedly
                broke the Mosaic Covenant, yet the Lord would forgive them each time. However,
                the breaking of a Covenant leads to injustice, disharmony, and imbalance that
                requires correction. So, He would also punish them as well in order that they may
learn and take heed. God punished them once with wandering in the desert for forty years and
forbidding them to enter into the Holy Land for a generation, and another time He punished them
with the destruction of the Holy Temple of Jerusalem and with enslavement at the hands of
Nebuchadnezzar. God even caused them to lose the original Torah which they had and to lose the
relics of the Prophets and the Messengers (PBUT), the most important relic being the Ark of the
Covenant. God punishes them another time by making them subjects of the Roman occupation.
In the time of Caesar Augustus there came to them the promised Savior and Messiah, Jesus Christ
(PBUH). But even though he came to them, the Israelites did not believe in him and they tried to
kill him, and at last, the Israelites betrayed their own Messiah and turned over their promised King
and Savior to the hands of the disbelieving Romans, in order that he may be killed. For this action
of betrayal, God decided to never again forgive the Children of Israel, and the Fourth Covenant
was forever broken and the Mosaic Covenant came to an end and a new Covenant was born.
   Jesus’ call began at the age of thirty, right after the death of John the Baptist (PBUH), who died
at the age of thirty, for between him and Jesus (PBUH) were only six months. According to the
Holy Bible, Jesus’ ministry lasted for three years, during which he gathered his disciples and
wandered around Jerusalem and its surrounding areas, preaching and performing great miracles.
Out of the 124,000 Prophets sent to Earth, Jesus (PBUH) was the Prophet who performed the
most miracles. He would inform people of what they had stored in their homes and what they ate.
He would heal the leper, the blind, and the deaf. He would restore amputated body parts. He
walked on water. He turned water into wine. He would create birds out of clay. His nal feat was
the most stunning of them all. He brought back Lazarus from the dead. These were miracles and
wonders recorded in the canonical Gospels. During this whole time, his disciples were witnesses to
his countless miracles and his following grew from twelve men to tens of thousands of believers.
   But why did the Israelites not crown Jesus as their King? Why did most of the people turn away
and apostatize? Why did his close companion Judas Iscariot, whom he had appointed as keeper of
the house of funds, betray him after witnessing all these miracles? Were they simply scared of death,
afraid of challenging the Scribes and Pharisees or the Roman authorities? Perhaps they were too
attached to material life? If this were the case then why follow him at all from the beginning? The
answers to these questions are complex, and they will undoubtedly leave a sincere seeker of truth
with a bitter taste and deeply disturbed.
   Consider how the Holy Bible records crowds of thousands of people miraculously being fed by
Jesus (PBUH), and thousands following Jesus (PBUH) and traveling from all parts of Israel to
witness Jesus (PBUH). Even Gentiles sought out Jesus (PBUH) and believed in him. Suddenly,
something strange happened which caused everyone to reconsider. They lost faith in him and


                                                 64
                             The Fifth Covenant with Jesus (PBUH)


abandoned him. The truth of the matter is, Jesus (PBUH) began to teach a secret doctrine publicly
which the people found repulsive. He began to teach that he was the “Bread of Life”. In the book
of John (Chapter 6) it states:


        Jesus the Bread of Life:
        When they found him on the other side of the lake, they asked him, “Rabbi, when did
        you get here?” Jesus answered, “Very truly I tell you, you are looking for me, not because
        you saw the signs I performed but because you ate the loaves and had your ﬁll. Do not
        work for food that spoils, but for food that endures to eternal life, which the Son of
        Man will give you. For on him God the Father has placed his seal of approval.” Then
        they asked him, “What must we do to do the works God requires?” Jesus answered,
        “The work of God is this: to believe in the one he has sent.” So they asked him, “What
        sign then will you give that we may see it and believe you? What will you do? Our
        ancestors ate the manna in the wilderness; as it is written: ‘He gave them bread from
        heaven to eat.’” Jesus said to them, “Very truly I tell you, it is not Moses who has given
        you the bread from heaven, but it is my Father who gives you the true bread from
        heaven. For the bread of God is the bread that comes down from heaven and gives life
        to the world.” “Sir,” they said, “always give us this bread.” Then Jesus declared, “I am
        the bread of life. Whoever comes to me will never go hungry, and whoever believes in
        me will never be thirsty. But as I told you, you have seen me and still you do not believe.
        All those the Father gives me will come to me, and whoever comes to me I will never
        drive away. For I have come down from heaven not to do my will but to do the will of
        him who sent me. And this is the will of him who sent me, that I shall lose none of all
        those he has given me, but raise them up at the last day. For my Father’s will is that
        everyone who looks to the Son and believes in him shall have eternal life, and I will
        raise them up at the last day.” At this the Jews there began to grumble about him
        because he said, “I am the bread that came down from heaven.” They said, “Is this not
        Jesus, the son of Joseph, whose father and mother we know? How can he now say, ‘I came
        down from heaven’?” “Stop grumbling among yourselves,” Jesus answered. “No one can
        come to me unless the Father who sent me draws them, and I will raise them up at the
        last day. It is written in the Prophets: ‘They will all be taught by God.’ Everyone who
        has heard the Father and learned from him comes to me. No one has seen the Father
        except the one who is from God; only he has seen the Father. Very truly I tell you, the
        one who believes has eternal life. I am the Bread of Life. Your ancestors ate the manna
        in the wilderness, yet they died. But here is the bread that comes down from heaven,
        which anyone may eat and not die. I am the living bread that came down from
        heaven. Whoever eats this bread will live forever. This bread is my ﬂesh, which I will
        give for the life of the world.” Then the Jews began to argue sharply among themselves,


                                                    65
                                               The Goal of the Wise


           “How can this man give us his ﬂesh to eat?” Jesus said to them, “Very truly I tell you,
           unless you eat the ﬂesh of the Son of Man and drink his blood, you have no life in you.
           Whoever eats my ﬂesh and drinks my blood has eternal life, and I will raise them up
           at the last day. For my ﬂesh is real food and my blood is real drink. Whoever eats my
           ﬂesh and drinks my blood remains in me, and I in them. Just as the living Father sent
           me and I live because of the Father, so the one who feeds on me will live because of me.
           This is the bread that came down from heaven. Your ancestors ate manna and died,
           but whoever feeds on this bread will live forever.” He said this while teaching in the
           synagogue in Capernaum.1


Jesus’ claim that he was the “Bread of Life” was too heavy for the Israelites. It caused many of the
disciples to question him and ultimately abandon him:


           On hearing it, many of his disciples said, “This is a hard teaching. Who can accept it?”
           Aware that his disciples were grumbling about this, Jesus said to them, “Does this
           oﬀend you? Then what if you see the Son of Man ascend to where he was before! The
           Spirit gives life; the ﬂesh counts for nothing. The words I have spoken to you—they are
           full of the Spirit and life. Yet there are some of you who do not believe.” For Jesus had
           known from the beginning which of them did not believe and who would betray him.
           He went on to say, “This is why I told you that no one can come to me unless the Father
           has enabled them.” From this time many of his disciples turned back and no longer
           followed him. “You do not want to leave too, do you?” Jesus asked the Twelve. Simon
           Peter answered him, “Lord, to whom shall we go? You have the words of eternal life.
           We have come to believe and to know that you are the Holy One of God.” Then Jesus
           replied, “Have I not chosen you, the Twelve? Yet one of you is a devil!” (He meant
           Judas, the son of Simon Iscariot, who, though one of the Twelve, was later to betray
           him.) 2


So here we see that it is actually this secret doctrine, which Jesus (PBUH) was teaching, the
doctrine of the consumption of Jesus Christ that caused the people to abandon him and be
repulsed by him. It is also with the teaching of this doctrine that Judas revealed his true face for the
    rst time and disbelieved. This doctrine of the consumption of the esh and blood of Jesus was also
in direct contradiction with the Mosaic Commandments: “If anyone of the house of Israel or of the
aliens who reside among them eats any blood, I will set my face against that person who eats blood, and
will cut that person oﬀ from the people. For the life of the ﬂesh is in the blood; and I have given it to you
for making atonement for your lives on the altar; for, as life, it is the blood that makes atonement.
1
    The Holy Bible, Book of John, Chapter 6, Verses 25-59
2
    The Holy Bible, Book of John, Chapter 6, Verses 60-71


                                                            66
                                The Fifth Covenant with Jesus (PBUH)


Therefore I have said to the people of Israel: No person among you shall eat blood, nor shall any alien
who resides among you eat blood.”3
    But what does that even mean? To consume Jesus’ esh and blood? What was Jesus asking?
That the people kill him and eat him? Of course not, it must have had another meaning. But what
could that meaning be? The esh and blood of a man is his o spring, his seed. In his book Making
Sex: Body and Gender from the Greeks to Freud, Thomas Laqueur quotes St. Isidore of Seville, who
was a Spanish prelate and scholar living at the turn of the 7th century: “Consanguinity is so called by
that which from one blood, that is from the same semen of the father, is begotten. For the semen of the
male is the foam of blood according to the manner of water which, when beaten against rocks, makes
white foam, or just as dark wine, which poured into a cup, renders the foam white.”4
    Was Jesus (PBUH) indeed speaking about semen when speaking about that which he wanted
his followers to consume? We must look into the Gospels of Christ further to be sure of this
matter. In the book of John (Chapter 4) we have the incident of Jesus speaking with a Samaritan
woman:


         Now he had to go through Samaria. So he came to a town in Samaria called Sychar,
         near the plot of ground Jacob had given to his son Joseph. Jacob’s well was there, and
         Jesus, tired as he was from the journey, sat down by the well. It was about noon. When
         a Samaritan woman came to draw water, Jesus said to her, “Will you give me a
         drink?” (His disciples had gone into the town to buy food.) The Samaritan woman
         said to him, “You are a Jew and I am a Samaritan woman. How can you ask me for a
         drink?” (For Jews do not associate with Samaritans.) Jesus answered her, “If you knew
         the gift of God and who it is that asks you for a drink, you would have asked him and
         he would have given you living water.” “Sir,” the woman said, “you have nothing to
         draw with and the well is deep. Where can you get this living water? Are you greater
         than our father Jacob, who gave us the well and drank from it himself, as did also his
         sons and his livestock?” Jesus answered, “Everyone who drinks this water will be thirsty
         again, but whoever drinks the water I give them will never thirst. Indeed, the water I
         give them will become in them a spring of water welling up to eternal life.” The
         woman said to him, “Sir, give me this water so that I won’t get thirsty and have to keep
         coming here to draw water.” He told her, “Go, call your husband and come back.” 5


We see here clearly that Jesus is not referring to regular drinking water, but some other kind of uid
which he calls “living water.” Semen is also known as living water for out of this water comes life
and children are conceived and born. When the woman asks Jesus (PBUH) for that water, Jesus

3
  The Holy Bible, Book of Leviticus, Chapter 17, Verses 10-12, see also Book of Deuteronomy, Chapter 12, Verses 23-28
4
  Making Sex: Body and Gender from the Greeks to Freud, Thomas Laqueur, p. 56
5
  The Holy Bible, Book of John, Chapter 4, Verses 4-16


                                                         67
                                              The Goal of the Wise


(PBUH) tells the woman to call her husband and come back, clearly indicating that her husband
has these living waters, as do all males. But even this so far is not enough evidence alone, for many
people will believe this interpretation to be a sick and twisted one. For that reason, we seek to
demonstrate more proof from the Gospels that this is the true meaning of what Jesus (PBUH)
spoke and taught. If we go to the book of Exodus (Chapter 4) we will see an incident with Moses
and his wife and son: “On the way, at a place where they spent the night, the Lord met him and tried
to kill him. But Zipporah took a ﬂint and cut oﬀ her son’s foreskin, and touched his feet with it, and
said, “Truly you are a bridegroom of blood to me!” So He let him alone. It was then she said, “A
bridegroom of blood by circumcision.”6
      In The New Oxford Annotated Bible: New Revised Standard Version it states: “Feet, a
euphemism for genitals.”7 So now we know that in the Bible when mentioning the word “feet”, it is
referring to the male genitals. And if we read it in this context everything becomes clear. For
example, in the book of Ruth (Chapter 3) it states:


           One day Ruth’s mother-in-law Naomi said to her, “My daughter, I must ﬁnd a home
           for you, where you will be well provided for. Now Boaz, with whose women you have
           worked, is a relative of ours. Tonight he will be winnowing barley on the threshing
           ﬂoor. Wash, put on perfume, and get dressed in your best clothes. Then go down to the
           threshing ﬂoor, but don’t let him know you are there until he has ﬁnished eating and
           drinking. When he lies down, note the place where he is lying. Then go and uncover his
           feet and lie down. He will tell you what to do.” “I will do whatever you say,” Ruth
           answered. So she went down to the threshing ﬂoor and did everything her
           mother-in-law told her to do. When Boaz had ﬁnished eating and drinking and was
           in good spirits, he went over to lie down at the far end of the grain pile. Ruth
           approached quietly, uncovered his feet and lay down. In the middle of the night
           something startled the man; he turned—and there was a woman lying at his feet!
           “Who are you?” he asked. “I am your servant Ruth,” she said. “Spread the corner of
           your garment over me, since you are a guardian-redeemer of our family.” “The Lord
           bless you, my daughter,” he replied. “This kindness is greater than that which you
           showed earlier: You have not run after the younger men, whether rich or poor. And
           now, my daughter, don’t be afraid. I will do for you all you ask. All the people of my
           town know that you are a woman of noble character. Although it is true that I am a
           guardian-redeemer of our family, there is another who is more closely related than I.
           Stay here for the night, and in the morning if he wants to do his duty as your
           guardian- redeemer, good; let him redeem you. But if he is not willing, as surely as the
           Lord lives I will do it. Lie here until morning.” So she lay at his feet until morning,
6
    The Holy Bible, Book of Exodus, Chapter 4, Verses 24-26
7
    The New Oxford Annotated Bible: New Revised Standard Version: An Ecumenical Study Bible, p. 88


                                                         68
                                The Fifth Covenant with Jesus (PBUH)


         but got up before anyone could be recognized; and he said, “No one must know that a
         woman came to the threshing ﬂoor.” 8


So obviously Naomi sent Ruth to Boaz in order that she may perform oral sex on him. That was
the meaning of laying at his feet. In the book of 2 Samuel (Chapter 11) it says: “Then David said to
Uriah, “Go down to your house and wash your feet.” So Uriah left the palace, and a gift from the king
was sent after him. But Uriah slept at the entrance to the palace with all his master’s servants and did
not go down to his house. David was told, “Uriah did not go home.” So he asked Uriah, “Haven’t you
just come from a military campaign? Why didn’t you go home?” Uriah said to David, “The ark and
Israel and Judah are staying in tents, and my commander Joab and my lord’s men are camped in the
open country. How could I go to my house to eat and drink and make love to my wife? As surely as you
live, I will not do such a thing! ”9
    Clearly we see that when David told Uriah to go to his house and wash his feet, it meant actually
to go make love to his wife. Thus, “feet” is actually a euphemism for genitals. Another proof that
“feet” in the Bible means male genitalia is in the book of 1 Samuel. The American Standard Version
states: “And he came to the sheepcotes by the way, where was a cave; and Saul went in to cover his feet.
Now David and his men were abiding in the innermost parts of the cave.”10 The New International
Version translates the same verse as: “He came to the sheep pens along the way; a cave was there, and
Saul went in to relieve himself. David and his men were far back in the cave.”
    Now if we look at the following verses many secrets become clear. In the Gospel of Luke
(Chapter 7), it says:


         One of the Pharisees asked Jesus to eat with him, so Jesus went into the Pharisee’s house
         and sat at the table. A sinful woman in the town learned that Jesus was eating at the
         Pharisee’s house. So she brought an alabaster jar of perfume and stood behind Jesus at
         his feet, crying. She began to wash his feet with her tears, and she dried them with her
         hair, kissing them many times and rubbing them with the perfume. When the
         Pharisee who asked Jesus to come to his house saw this, he thought to himself, “If Jesus
         were a prophet, he would know that the woman touching him is a sinner!” Jesus said to
         the Pharisee, “Simon, I have something to say to you.” Simon said, “Teacher, tell me.”
         Jesus said, “Two people owed money to the same banker. One owed ﬁve hundred coins
         and the other owed ﬁfty. They had no money to pay what they owed, but the banker
         told both of them they did not have to pay him. Which person will love the banker
         more?” Simon, the Pharisee, answered, “I think it would be the one who owed him the
         most money.” Jesus said to Simon, “You are right.” Then Jesus turned toward the

8
  The Holy Bible, Book of Ruth, Chapter 3, Verses 1-14
9
  The Holy Bible, Book of 2 Samuel, Chapter 11, Verses 8-11
10
   The Holy Bible, Book of 1 Samuel, Chapter 24, Verse 3


                                                         69
                                             The Goal of the Wise


         woman and said to Simon, “Do you see this woman? When I came into your house,
         you gave me no water for my feet, but she washed my feet with her tears and dried
         them with her hair. You gave me no kiss of greeting, but she has been kissing my feet
         since I came in. You did not put oil on my head, but she poured perfume on my feet. I
         tell you that her many sins are forgiven, so she showed great love. But the person who is
         forgiven only a little will love only a little.” Then Jesus said to her, “Your sins are
         forgiven.” 11


The Pharisee would not have been disgusted and would not have denied Jesus’ Prophethood simply
because a sinful woman kissed his feet. However, he would have serious doubts if a sinful prostitute
would have performed oral sex on him. Since “feet” is a euphemism for genitals, this woman kissed
Jesus’ genitals and performed oral sex on him. Thus, through the consumption of his semen, all her
sins were forgiven. That is what understandably shocked the Pharisee when he walked in and
witnessed it. As a result, he lost faith.
     In another strange Gnostic tradition, Jesus Christ performs a miracle in front of his closest
disciple, Mary Magdalene. Epiphanius of Salamis records that the Gnostic text The Greater
Questions of Mary contained an episode in which Jesus took Mary Magdalene up to the top of a
mountain, where he pulled a woman out of his side and engaged in sexual intercourse with her.
Then, upon ejaculating, Jesus drank his own semen and told Mary, “Thus we must do, that we may
live.” Upon hearing this, Mary instantly fainted, to which Jesus responded by helping her up and
telling her, “O thou of little faith, wherefore didst thou doubt?”12
     And so we also know from Islam that the bodily uids of Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His
Family) were purifying and caused sins to be erased. We have this famous incident recorded in the
Islamic books of hadiths where the Prophet urinated in a container and kept it under his bed. A
woman named Barakah who was cleaning the Prophet’s home drank it. Later the Prophet asked her
where the urine was, and she replied that she had drank it. He then said to her: “The ﬁre shall never
touch your belly”13 which means you have been puri ed by my bodily uids. Semen is cleaner than
urine and if the urine of the Prophet (PBUH & His Family) puri es then one must accept that his
semen puri es as well. If one accepts that Satan is impure and Cain is impure and their children are
impure, then their semen too is impure and renders impure. For everything there must be an
opposite, if there are impure people then there must be pure people. If there is impure semen then
there must also exist pure semen, and if there is semen that impuri es then there must be semen
that puri es.
     This all sets the stage for the nal miracle of Jesus in the Gospel and that is the resurrection of
Lazarus. In the book of John (Chapter 11) it states:

11
   The Holy Bible, Book of Luke, Chapter 7, Verses 36-48
12
   Panarion, Epiphanius of Salamis 26.8.1-3
13
   Asad al-ghābah, Ibn Athir, Vol. 5, p. 403


                                                           70
                     The Fifth Covenant with Jesus (PBUH)


The Death of Lazarus
Now a man named Lazarus was sick. He was from Bethany, the village of Mary and
her sister Martha. (This Mary, whose brother Lazarus now lay sick, was the same one
who poured perfume on the Lord and wiped his feet with her hair.) So the sisters sent
word to Jesus, “Lord, the one you love is sick.” When he heard this, Jesus said, “This
sickness will not end in death. No, it is for God’s glory so that God’s Son may be
gloriﬁed through it.” Now Jesus loved Martha and her sister and Lazarus. So when he
heard that Lazarus was sick, he stayed where he was two more days, and then he said
to his disciples, “Let us go back to Judea.” “But Rabbi,” they said, “a short while ago the
Jews there tried to stone you, and yet you are going back?” Jesus answered, “Are there
not twelve hours of daylight? Anyone who walks in the daytime will not stumble, for
they see by this world’s light. It is when a person walks at night that they stumble, for
they have no light.” After he had said this, he went on to tell them, “Our friend
Lazarus has fallen asleep; but I am going there to wake him up.” His disciples replied,
“Lord, if he sleeps, he will get better.” Jesus had been speaking of his death, but his
disciples thought he meant natural sleep. So then he told them plainly, “Lazarus is
dead, and for your sake I am glad I was not there, so that you may believe. But let us go
to him.” Then Thomas (also known as Didymus) said to the rest of the disciples, “Let
us also go, that we may die with him.”


Jesus Comforts the Sisters of Lazarus
On his arrival, Jesus found that Lazarus had already been in the tomb for four days.
Now Bethany was less than two miles from Jerusalem, and many Jews had come to
Martha and Mary to comfort them in the loss of their brother. When Martha heard
that Jesus was coming, she went out to meet him, but Mary stayed at home. “Lord,”
Martha said to Jesus, “if you had been here, my brother would not have died. But I
know that even now God will give you whatever you ask.” Jesus said to her, “Your
brother will rise again.” Martha answered, “I know he will rise again in the
resurrection at the last day.” Jesus said to her, “I am the resurrection and the life. The
one who believes in me will live, even though they die; and whoever lives by believing in
me will never die. Do you believe this?” “Yes, Lord,” she replied, “I believe that you are
the Messiah, the Son of God, who is to come into the world.” After she had said this, she
went back and called her sister Mary aside. “The Teacher is here,” she said, “and is
asking for you.” When Mary heard this, she got up quickly and went to him. Now
Jesus had not yet entered the village, but was still at the place where Martha had met
him. When the Jews who had been with Mary in the house, comforting her, noticed
how quickly she got up and went out, they followed her, supposing she was going to the
tomb to mourn there. When Mary reached the place where Jesus was and saw him, she


                                            71
                                               The Goal of the Wise


            fell at his feet and said, “Lord, if you had been here, my brother would not have died.”
            When Jesus saw her weeping, and the Jews who had come along with her also weeping,
            he was deeply moved in spirit and troubled. “Where have you laid him?” he asked.
            “Come and see, Lord,” they replied. Jesus wept. Then the Jews said, “See how he loved
            him!” But some of them said, “Could not he who opened the eyes of the blind man have
            kept this man from dying?”


            Jesus Raises Lazarus From the Dead
            Jesus, once more deeply moved, came to the tomb. It was a cave with a stone laid across
            the entrance. “Take away the stone,” he said, “But, Lord,” said Martha, the sister of the
            dead man, “by this time there is a bad odor, for he has been there four days.” Then
            Jesus said, “Did I not tell you that if you believe, you will see the glory of God?” So they
            took away the stone. Then Jesus looked up and said, “Father, I thank you that you have
            heard me. I knew that you always hear me, but I said this for the beneﬁt of the people
            standing here, that they may believe that you sent me.” When he had said this, Jesus
            called in a loud voice, “Lazarus, come out!” The dead man came out, his hands and
            feet wrapped with strips of linen, and a cloth around his face. Jesus said to them, “Take
            oﬀ the grave clothes and let him go.” 14


In a Gnostic text called The Secret Gospel of Mark, additional information is given about
this incident:


            And they come into Bethany. And a certain woman whose brother had died was there.
            And, coming, she prostrated herself before Jesus and says to him, “Son of David, have
            mercy on me.” But the disciples rebuked her. And Jesus, being angered, went oﬀ with
            her into the garden where the tomb was, and straightway a great cry was heard from
            the tomb. And going near, Jesus rolled away the stone from the door of the tomb. And
            straightway, going in where the youth was, he stretched forth his hand and raised him,
            seizing his hand. But the youth, looking upon him, loved him and began to beseech him
            that he might be with him. And going out of the tomb, they came into the house of the
            youth, for he was rich. And after six days Jesus told him what to do, and in the evening
            the youth comes to him, wearing a linen cloth over his naked body. And he remained
            with him that night, for Jesus taught him the mystery of the Kingdom of God. And
            thence, arising, he returned to the other side of the Jordan.15



14
     The Holy Bible, Book of John, Chapter 11, Verses 1-44
15
     Secret Gospel of Mark


                                                             72
                                  The Fifth Covenant with Jesus (PBUH)


The implication made here is that Jesus (PBUH), after having raised Lazarus from the dead,
initiated Lazarus into the mysteries of the religion and lled him with the Spirit. The disciples after
having witnessed such a great miracle pleaded with Jesus (PBUH) that he teaches them and lls
them with the Holy Spirit as well, so that they too may be able to perform the feats that Jesus
(PBUH) did. However, their faith was shaky and incomplete, and even the Holy Qur’an testi es to
this when it says: “But when Jesus became conscious of their disbelief, he cried: Who will be my helpers
in the cause of Allah? The disciples said: We will be Allah’s helpers. We believe in Allah, and bear
thou witness that we have surrendered (unto Him).”16 Furthermore, in the Gospels, he chastises the
disciples many times accusing them of being weak in faith and says they will deny him. What would
cause the disciples to be so weak in faith after seeing so many miracles? Did Jesus (PBUH) simply
choose weak people in faith as his disciples? Or was it because of something else?
      The Holy Qur’an recounts the incident of the disciples begging Jesus (PBUH) for that Last
Supper and feast:


           Behold! the disciples said: “O Jesus the son of Mary! Can thy Lord send down to us a
           table set (with viands) from heaven?” Said Jesus: “Fear Allah, if ye have faith.” They
           said: “We only wish to eat thereof and satisfy our hearts, and to know that thou hast
           indeed told us the truth; and that we ourselves may be witnesses to the miracle.” Said
           Jesus the son of Mary: “O Allah our Lord! Send us from heaven a table set (with
           viands), that there may be for us - for the ﬁrst and the last of us - a solemn festival and
           a sign from thee; and provide for our sustenance, for thou art the best Sustainer (of our
           needs).” Allah said: “I will send it down unto you: But if any of you after that resisteth
           faith, I will punish him with a penalty such as I have not inﬂicted on any one among
           all the peoples.” 17


So obviously, the disciples requested a meal, but not like ordinary food, but food from the heavens.
Jesus (PBUH) said, fear God, for if you request something like this and disbelieve after it, God said
He will punish you like none other. Clearly, the food itself is something that could cause doubt.
God knew this and Jesus knew this. God brought down this table upon them and this incident is
known in the Gospels as the “Last Supper.” The entire fth Chapter in the Holy Qur’an is named
The Table in reference to the “Last Supper.” This “Last Supper” caused Judas Iscariot to disbelieve
and apostatize completely. It was this “Last Supper” that shook the other disciples and caused them
to doubt and deny Jesus (PBUH).
      Jesus (PBUH) granted their request and a Last Supper was held. First, we want to examine what
took place at the Last Supper. One of the things which took place was that Jesus (PBUH) washed
the disciples’ feet. When Jesus (PBUH) went to wash the disciples’ feet, they strongly objected at
16
     The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 3 (Al-Imran), Verse 52
17
     The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 5 (Al-Ma’idah), Verses 112-115


                                                          73
                                             The Goal of the Wise


     rst. Upon the previously illustrated meaning of “washing feet,” the meaning and incident become
much di erent:


           Jesus, knowing that the Father had handed all things over to Him, and that He had
           come forth from God and was going back to God, got up from supper and laid His
           outer garments aside; and He took a towel and tied it around Himself. Then He
           poured water into the basin, and began washing the disciples’ feet and wiping them
           with the towel which He had tied around Himself. So He came to Simon Peter. He said
           to Him, “Lord, You are washing my feet?” Jesus answered and said to him, “What I
           am doing, you do not realize right now, but you will understand later.” Peter said to
           Him, “Never shall You wash my feet!” Jesus answered him, “If I do not wash you, you
           have no place with Me.” Simon Peter said to Him, “Lord, then wash not only my feet,
           but also my hands and my head!” Jesus said to him, “He who has bathed needs only to
           wash his feet; otherwise he is completely clean. And you are clean—but not all of you.”
           For He knew the one who was betraying Him; it was for this reason that He said, “Not
           all of you are clean.” Then, when He had washed their feet, and taken His garments
           and reclined at the table again, He said to them, “Do you know what I have done for
           you? You call Me ‘Teacher’ and ‘Lord’; and you are correct, for so I am. So if I, the
           Lord and the Teacher, washed your feet, you also ought to wash one another’s feet. For I
           gave you an example, so that you also would do just as I did for you. Truly, truly I say
           to you, a slave is not greater than his master, nor is one who is sent greater than the one
           who sent him. If you know these things, you are blessed if you do them.” 18


So, the Last Supper was actually one in which Jesus and the disciples partook in washing each
other’s feet in order that the disciples may be puri ed. Remember, Jesus said to them eat of my
     esh and drink of my blood. It doesn’t make sense that bread is the esh of Christ and wine is his
blood, but that the esh of a man is his semen, which produces his o spring. Aristotle (PBUH)
had spoken about and written about semen and the soul parts and believed that semen contained
small parts of a man’s soul. That part of the man’s soul would transfer from the human to another
human through semen. The Ahlul-Bayt (From Them is Peace) taught that they were lights in the
loins of men. Meaning the light or soul of a man is tied to his semen. It is narrated by Salman
Al-Farsi who said Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) said: “Me and Ali were created from
one light before Adam was created by fourteen thousand years, so when God created Adam he placed
that light in his loins, so we remained as one light until we separated in the loins of Abdul-Muttalib,
in me Prophethood and in Ali the Successorship.”19


18
     The Holy Bible, Book of John, Chapter 13, Verses 3-17
19
     Ghayat Al-Maram, Al-Sayyed Hashim Al-Bahrani, Vol. 1, p. 229


                                                        74
                               The Fifth Covenant with Jesus (PBUH)


This is one of the matters which is di cult upon the Arabs and one of the hidden truths that God
has kept as a secret. It is one of the secrets which people could not handle. Abu Ja’far (From Him is
Peace) said: “The Qaim/Riser shall rise with a new matter, and a new book, and a new
jurisprudence/rule which will be hard for the Arabs.”20 This is the Holy Union that took place
between Jesus (PBUH) and his disciples by which they were afterwards transformed. After this,
they were lled with the Holy Spirit and were able to perform many miracles through Jesus who
was now within them, but only after their doubt went away. This is what caused them to run away
from Jesus (PBUH) when he was arrested. They thought his arrest was a punishment for this
strange ritual. This is also the reason why Judas betrayed. He could not bear this. It was narrated by
the Ahlul-Bayt (From Them is Peace) that Jesus (PBUH) had spoken to his companions about
heavy matters, which after they heard, they became clear enemies: In the hadith of Abi Yaafor it
says: “And Jesus (PBUH) spoke to his people a speech and they did not handle it and they rebelled
against him…”21
     So this is the true story of why Jesus’ followers disbelieved in him, why his companion Judas
betrayed him and why the Jews cruci ed him. Because they could not handle his teachings
concerning the consumption of semen which Jesus (PBUH) taught contained his spirit.
     God blew into Adam (PBUH) from His spirit, and this spirit was the Holy Spirit. It was passed
in the loins of man from Caliph to Caliph, from proof to proof, in the semen of that man. When
Mary, mother of Jesus (PBUH) said she was impregnated by the Holy Spirit she meant that she was
impregnated by a Messenger of God or Proof of God, and she carried in her womb the Holy Spirit.
This was known at that time. In the Gospel of Philip, it states: “Some said, “Mary conceived by the
Holy Spirit.” They are in error. They do not know what they are saying. When did a woman ever
conceive by a woman? Mary is the virgin whom no power deﬁled. She is a great anathema to the
Hebrews, who are the apostles and the apostolic men. This virgin whom no power deﬁled [...] the
powers deﬁle themselves. And the Lord would not have said “My Father who is in Heaven” (Mt
16:17), unless he had had another father, but he would have said simply ‘My father.’ ”22
     Even in the Holy Qur’an it states that the Holy Spirit came to her in the form of a man: “And
mention, [O Muhammad], in the Book [the story of] Mary, when she withdrew from her family to a
place toward the east. And she took, in seclusion from them, a screen. Then We sent to her Our spirit,
and he represented himself to her as a well-proportioned man. She said, “Indeed, I seek refuge in the
Most Merciful from you, [so leave me], if you should be fearing of Allah.” He said, “I am only the
messenger of your Lord to give you a pure boy.” She said, “How can I have a boy while no man has
touched me and I have not been unchaste?” He said, “Thus [it will be]; your Lord says, ‘It is easy for




20
   Kitab Al-Ghayba (Book of Occultation), Al-Numani, Vol. 1, p. 236
21
   Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 52, p. 375
22
   Gospel of Philip


                                                       75
                                            The Goal of the Wise


Me, and We will make him a sign to the people and a mercy from Us. And it is a matter [already]
decreed.’ ”23
     So the Holy Spirit runs in the loins of the Caliph of God, and so it becomes clear that the Last
Supper actually served as a ritual of puri cation and transference of the Holy Spirit. It was because
at that time the seed of Cain and the seed of Adam had mixed so much that this way served as a
method to purge the body from the darkness of Satan and to restore the body to light and purity.
In essence, it was a new way to separate the darkness of Satan, Cain, and their children from our
bodies. In the First Covenant, Cain is banished away from the children of Adam (PBUH). By the
Second Covenant, the descendants of Cain are too many. They are controlling all aspects of society
and are trying to war with and murder the sons of Adam (PBUH), so God wipes them out and
cleanses the Earth with a ood. By the time of the Third Covenant, the sons of Cain survive and
God commands separation between the sons of Cain and the sons of Adam and gives them
circumcision as a sign. Yet, the sons of Cain continue to in ltrate, to adopt Jewish traditions and to
marry within the sons of Adam (PBUH). So, Jesus came with a new method of purifying the body
from darkness, through the consumption of light. For whatever a man consumes he becomes. Jesus
(PBUH) said: “Blessed is the lion which the man eats, and the lion will become man; and cursed is the
man whom the lion eats, and the lion will become man.”24
     This secret ritual and knowledge which you have come to know is something that those in
power in the Catholic Church know about. This is also one of the reasons that the bishops and
cardinals of the Catholic Church have used as a justi cation for the continual molestation of
children within the church. Attached are some Catholic paintings of the Last Supper depicting
Jesus (PBUH) and one of his disciples in which the ritual is painted in plain sight for those with
eyes to see.
     The commandments of the Mosaic Covenant were the same as the Jesuit Covenant, with some
changes, for Jesus (PBUH) had said in the book of Matthew: “Do not think that I have come to
abolish the law or the prophets. I have come not to abolish but to fulﬁll.”25 Jesus (PBUH) had made
other minor changes to the law during his life and from those changes were the forbiddance of
divorce except in extreme circumstances. He also forbade polygamy and made it equal to adultery if
any man was to take a second wife.


         Divorce
         When Jesus had ﬁnished saying these things, he left Galilee and went into the region of
         Judea to the other side of the Jordan. Large crowds followed him, and he healed them
         there. Some Pharisees came to him to test him. They asked, “Is it lawful for a man to
         divorce his wife for any and every reason?” “Haven’t you read,” he replied, “that at the

23
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 19 (Maryam), Verses 16-21
24
   Gospel of Thomas, Saying 7
25
   The Holy Bible, Book of Matthew, Chapter 5, Verse 17


                                                          76
                                The Fifth Covenant with Jesus (PBUH)


         beginning the Creator ‘made them male and female,’ and said, ‘For this reason a
         man will leave his father and mother and be united to his wife, and the two will
         become one ﬂesh’? So they are no longer two, but one ﬂesh. Therefore what God has
         joined together, let no one separate.” “Why then,” they asked, “did Moses command
         that a man give his wife a certiﬁcate of divorce and send her away?” Jesus replied,
         “Moses permitted you to divorce your wives because your hearts were hard. But it was
         not this way from the beginning. I tell you that anyone who divorces his wife, except for
         sexual immorality, and marries another woman commits adultery.” The disciples said
         to him, “If this is the situation between a husband and wife, it is better not to marry.”
         Jesus replied, “Not everyone can accept this word, but only those to whom it has been
         given. For there are eunuchs who were born that way, and there are eunuchs who have
         been made eunuchs by others—and there are those who choose to live like eunuchs for
         the sake of the kingdom of heaven. The one who can accept this should accept it.” 26


God raised Jesus to Him and the Covenant transferred from the sons of Isaac to the sons of Ishmael
(PBUT) after Jesus (PBUH) gave them glad tidings of an Arab Messenger to come to them whose
name is Ahmed, as the Holy Qur’an states: “And [mention] when Jesus, the son of Mary, said, “O
Children of Israel, indeed I am the messenger of Allāh to you conﬁrming what came before me of the
Torah and bringing good tidings of a messenger to come after me, whose name is Ahmed.” But when
he (Ahmed) came to them with clear proofs, they said: “This is plain magic.”27
     By this the divine Will and the Covenant transferred from the Children of Israel to the Arabs
through a long chain of Prophets which included Prophet Mani leading all the way to Abu Talib,
the father of the Prince of the Believers Ali (PBUT) who was the nal successor of Jesus the
Messiah before the advent of the nal Messenger Mohammed, may the prayers and blessings of
God be upon him and his family. It was narrated that Imam Musa Al-Kathim (From Him is Peace)
was asked about Abu Talib and the Messenger of Allah, Mohammed, and he (From Him is Peace)
answered: “Abu Talib believed in the Prophet and what he came with and passed the Will down to
him, and then he died.”28
     The punishment that fell upon the Israelites for breaking the Mosaic Covenant was the
destruction of the Second Temple of Jerusalem at the hands of the Romans, and the expulsion of
the Israelites from the Promised Land that Moses led them to. They were scattered across the world
without a Jewish state for almost two thousand years until they once again entered it with the help
of the Romans. This was the ful llment of God’s words and prophecy when He said in the Holy
Qur’an: “And We decreed for the Children of Israel in the Scripture: “You will most surely cause


26
   The Holy Bible, Book of Matthew, Chapter 19, Verses 1-12
27
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 61 (Al-Saf), Verse 6
28
   Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 35, p. 73


                                                        77
                                          The Goal of the Wise


corruption in the land twice, and you will most surely rise to a great height.”29 The sign of the new
Covenant was the Holy Communion and Chalice, and the land promised with this Covenant was
the same as the Mosaic Covenant, except that it transferred from the Children of Israel, who were
now banished and exiled, to the Children of Ishmael, the Arabs, who inhabited afterwards all the
lands promised to Moses (PBUH). The followers of the new Covenant were to be recognized
through this practice amongst each other that no son of Cain could bear. It was too heavy and was
a sign of the Covenant. The followers of Jesus (PBUH) continued to practice this for centuries
afterwards, beginning with Prophet Mani and his followers all the way to the Mohammedan
Covenant.
     Surely, this has been a disturbing reading for many of you, but we were warned by Jesus
(PBUH) that this would be the case. In the Gospel of Thomas, it states: “These are the secret sayings
that the living Jesus spoke and Didymos Judas Thomas recorded. And he said, “Whoever discovers the
interpretation of these sayings will not taste death.” Jesus said, “Those who seek should not stop seeking
until they ﬁnd. When they ﬁnd, they will be disturbed. When they are disturbed, they will marvel,
and will reign over all. ”30
     These bitter and disturbing truths have been revealed by Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is
Peace) to help us better understand the history of humanity’s spiritual and mental development
from the Mosaic Covenant to the Jesuit Covenant. From Eastern to Western religions and cultures,
there have been pervasive beliefs, customs, and practices regarding the spiritual and medicinal
bene ts of drinking cow urine (e.g., Hinduism, Islam) and camel urine (e.g., Islam). We need to
better understand the origin, purposes, and even distortions in these practices.
     The consumption of urine for medicinal purposes can be found in mainstream Islamic
traditions. The following narration from Sahih Al-Bukhari illustrates the point: Anas ibn Malik
said, “Some people of ‘Ukl or ‘Uraina tribe came to Medina and its climate did not suit them. So the
Prophet ordered them to go to the herd of (Milch) camels and to drink their milk and urine (as a
medicine). So they went as directed and after they became healthy, they killed the shepherd of the
Prophet and drove away all the camels.”31
     The famous Shaikh Mohammed ibn Al-Hassan Al-Hurr Al-Amili states, “Concerning the
permissibility of drinking the urine of the camels and cows and sheep and its saliva and using as a
medicine its urine and milk, Abi Abdillah (PBUH) states concerning the urine of cows and whether it
can be drunk by a man, ‘If he needs it as a medicine he may drink it and also he may drink the urine
of camels and sheep.’ ” Al-ʿĀmili also states that Aba Al-Hassan Musa Al-Kathim (PBUH) has said,
“The urine of the camels is better than its milk and God made cure in its milk.”32 Finally, Ali



29
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 17 (Al-Isra), Verse 4
30
   Gospel of Thomas, Sayings 1-2
31
   Sahih Al-Bukhari, Al-Bukhari, Book of Ablutions (Wudu’), Hadith No. 233
32
   Wasa’il al-Shia, Al-Hurr Al-Amili, Vol. 25, p. 114


                                                      78
                               The Fifth Covenant with Jesus (PBUH)


Al-Sistani has issued a fatwa saying it is permissible to drink the urine of camels, sheep, and cows.33
We are not debating whether one should drink animal urine or not, but we are saying, wouldn’t the
urine of a Prophet be more pure than an animal, for those who already hold these beliefs?
     Even today, the medicinal bene ts of semen are also the subject of medical research and popular
culture.34 It should be noted that the ritual practice that Jesus (PBUH) was inviting his male
disciples to at the Last Supper was non-sexual. The purpose of the ritual was to promote spiritual
healing, understanding, uni cation, and puri cation from darkness. Regardless, these episodes of
ingesting ‘living water’ provide a di erent picture of Jesus (PBUH) than the one popularly
portrayed by the church.
     Furthermore, there was a deeper message that Jesus (PBUH) was trying to send, not only to his
disciples, but to future generations seeking God. After all, Jesus (PBUH) was known as a healer of
the esh, but more importantly, a healer of heart. He moved us from the circumcision of the esh
(The Abrahamic Covenant) to the circumcision of the heart, meaning the puri cation of the heart
and soul through the consumption of the light in the semen. The Holy Bible says: “Circumcise
yourselves to the Lord, remove the foreskin of your hearts, O men of Judah and inhabitants of
Jerusalem; lest my wrath go forth like ﬁre.”35
     As stated earlier, Jesus (PBUH) came to ful ll the law of Moses (PBUH), especially the
following: “Circumcise therefore the foreskin of your heart, and be no more stiﬀnecked.”36 “And the
Lord thy God will circumcise thine heart, and the heart of thy seed, to love the LORD thy God with all
thine heart, and with all thy soul, that thou mayest live.”37
     We leave the reader with an important clari cation as you contemplate these bitter truths.
Today, in light of what my Father Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) has taught, we
provide these revelations as a means for better understanding the truth of human history and the
context and circumstances surrounding humanity’s transition between the Fourth and Fifth
Covenants. It lays the groundwork for better understanding the use and misuse of Jesus’ teachings
over the last two thousand years. For example, these revelations will help us better understand the
rampant sexual abuse of children in the Catholic Church, celibacy of the clergy, and the erasure of
Jesus’ true successors.
     This matter will become clearer in later Doors, especially as we learn more about Jesus’ ministry
and the lost years after the Cruci xion. Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) is
categorically NOT calling humanity to these practices. After two thousand years of mystery
surrounding the circumstances of Jesus (PBUH), the time has come for the world to taste the bitter


33
   Al-Masail Al-Muntakhibah, Syed Sistani, p. 469, Issue No. 1211
34
   Jen Anderson, 14 Things to Know About Swallowing Semen, Healthline, April 25, 2019
   https://www.healthline.com/health/healthy-sex/swallowing-semen
35
   The Holy Bible, Book of Jeremiah, Chapter 4, Verse 4
36
   The Holy Bible, Book of Deuteronomy, Chapter 10, Verse 16
37
   The Holy Bible, Book of Deuteronomy, Chapter 30, Verse 6


                                                       79
                                            The Goal of the Wise


truth. Imam Ali (From Him is Peace) said: “The truth is bitter and sour and falsehood is sweet.”38
Congratulations to you if you found this bitter and if you are disturbed, for you have found the
truth.


Catholic Paintings of the Last Supper Depicting Secret Ritual:




38
     Mizan Al-Hikmah (Scale of Wisdom), Mohammed Al-Reyshahri, Vol. 1, p. 655


                                                       80
The Fifth Covenant with Jesus (PBUH)




                 81
The Goal of the Wise




        82
The Fifth Covenant with Jesus (PBUH)




                 83
The Goal of the Wise




        84
               Door Number Six


The Sixth Covenant with Mohammed

          (PBUH & His Family)




    “How should the idolaters have a covenant
        with God and His Messenger?”
                                             The Goal of the Wise


                   he Jesuit Covenant continued with the Arabs until oppression, murder, idol
                   worship, polytheism, and disbelief increased amongst them. Each tribe had its own
                   house of worship in the form of a giant cube and they lled it up with hundreds of
                   idols made of sticks and stones.1 The lands once lled with the followers of
Abraham, Moses, and Jesus (PBUT) had now become lled with barbaric idol worshipers. The
Arabs had completely broken the Jesuit Covenant through their disbelief, hatred of one another,
and warring with one another. The Arab tribes in the days prior to the birth of Mohammed
(PBUH & His Family) were scattered throughout the region and were constantly at war with one
another. They were committing the most heinous of crimes, such as burying newborn girls alive.
God’s vengeance for their inhumane actions fell upon them and He sent forth a punishment
against the Arabs for breaking the Jesuit Covenant. One of the well-known signs to the Arabs that
Jesus (PBUH) provided as a proof of his divine authority was the creation of birds out of clay.2 The
punishment for breaking the Jesuit Covenant was the ock of birds (ababil) carrying hard clay
stones (sijjil) who destroyed not only Abrahah and his army but also destroyed many of the
disbelieving Arabs.3 At last, there arrived the promised one who Jesus (PBUH) gave glad tidings
about, the nal Messenger Mohammed (PBUH & His Family).


                                                The Yamani Stone


God established a new Covenant with Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) and the sign of the
Mohammedan Covenant was the Yamani stone. The Yamani stone is not to be confused with the
black stone of the Kaaba, the Yamani stone is another stone. One day I asked Imam Ahmed
Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) about it:
    I said, “Is the Yamani stone the same as the black stone?”
    Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said, “No, the people think it is the same but it is a
stone which is safeguarded in the Wadi Al-Yabis in Jordan.”
    I asked, “What is its color?”
    Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said, “It is dark black with redness in its center.”
    I asked, “And shall this be in the new Kaaba?”
    Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) responded, “Yes.”




1
  Note each tribe had their own giant cube or Kaaba that served as a central gathering place for worship, economic,
  social, and cultural activities.
2
  The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 5 (Al-Ma’idah), Verse 110; The Infancy Gospel of Thomas, from The Apocryphal
  New Testament.
3
  The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 105 (Al-Fil), Verses 1-5


                                                          86
                     The Sixth Covenant with Mohammed (PBUH & His Family)



                              Jurisprudence Changes of the Sixth Covenant


The Mohammedan Covenant brought signi cant changes in laws. In this context, new restrictions
and practices were introduced in order to purify, discipline, and correct the beliefs and norms of
the Arab tribes and nations. They had deviated so far from the Jesuit Covenant that major changes
were required. Here are a few of the major changes which happened with the Sixth Covenant:


       1. Changing the direction of prayer (qibla) which was in e ect during the Mosaic and Jesuit
           Covenants from the temple in Jerusalem to Mecca: “We have been seeing you turning your
           face to the heavens. So, We will certainly assign to you a Qibla that you would like. Now, turn
           your face in the direction of the Sacred Mosque (Al-Masjid-ul-Harām), and (O Muslims),
           wherever you are, turn your faces in its direction. Even those who have been given the Book
           know well that it is the truth from their Lord, and Allah is not unaware of what they do.”4 In
           this verse, we clearly see that God says that the people of the book, meaning the Christians
           and the Jews, knew that the rst direction of prayer (qibla) was the one built by Abraham
           (PBUH), and that is the same one which Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) was
           reinstating. So in essence, Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) reversed the direction of
           prayer in the Sixth Covenant to the same one in the Third Covenant, the Abrahamic
           Covenant. Basically, tribalism and tribal wars had become so intense that each tribe had its
           own direction of prayer. This move was designed to stop tribal ghting and foster unity.


       2. Making prayer obligatory ve times a day, and this came down in the verse from the Holy
           Qur’an: “Recite and convey to them what is revealed to you of the Book, and establish the
           Prayer in conformity with its conditions. Surely, the Prayer restrains from all that is indecent
           and shameful, and all that is evil. Surely God’s remembrance is the greatest (of all types of
           worship and not restricted to the Prayer). God knows all that you do.”5 Imam Ahmed
           Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said: “Prayer is the act of prostration to the Prophets and
           Messengers and the Imams in their time, prostration of the heart and prayer is also duaa
           (calling upon God). Every religion from the time of Adam to Mohammed (peace and blessings
           be upon them all) had implemented prostration as part of their prayer.”


           This we can see clearly when we look at the way the Christians and Jews pray, we nd in
           both their forms of prayer a physical prostration, and we also see this in many other religions
           going all the way back to ancient Egypt, Sumer, and Akkad. Mohammed (PBUH & His



4
    The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 2 (Al-Baqarah), Verse 144
5
    The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 29 (Al-Ankaboot), Verse 45


                                                          87
                                            The Goal of the Wise


         Family) expanded upon it and added to it the other aspects of the prayer such as the
         recitation of the Holy Qur’an during prayer.

     3. Forbidding alcohol and gambling: “O You Who Believe! Indeed, wine, gambling, idols, and
         divining arrows (a way of gambling) are evil and of Satan’s doings; therefore, leave them
         aside in order that you may prosper.”6 Debauchery and drunkenness had become a major
         problem in Arab life. So this type of prohibition was necessary in order to cleanse them.
         This is the rst time that alcohol was forbidden throughout all the Covenants.

     4. Allowing polygamous marriages: “You may marry two, three, or four. If you fear lest you
         become unfair, then you shall be content with only one, or with what you already have.
         Additionally, you are thus more likely to avoid ﬁnancial hardship.”7 In the Adamic, Noahic,
         Abrahamic, and Mosaic Covenants polygamous relationships were permissible.
         Remember, in the Adamic Covenant, everything was permissible for Adam, and many of
         his descendants married more than one. In the Noahic Covenant, the same thing applied,
         there were no marital restrictions. In the Abrahamic Covenant, Abraham himself was
         married to Sarah and Hagar and his grandson Jacob was married to Leah, Rachel, Bilha,
         and Zilpah and there were no marital restrictions. In the Mosaic Covenant, King David had
         multiple wives, and his successor Solomon had seven hundred royal wives and three
         hundred concubines. It was only in the Jesuit Covenant that Jesus (PBUH) restricted
         marriage to be between one man and one woman and he forbade any kind of divorce. In
         the Gospel of Mark, it states: “Jesus then left that place and went into the region of Judea and
         across the Jordan. Again crowds of people came to him, and as was his custom, he taught them.
         Some Pharisees came and tested him by asking, “Is it lawful for a man to divorce his wife?”
         “What did Moses command you?” he replied. They said, “Moses permitted a man to write a
         certiﬁcate of divorce and send her away.” “It was because your hearts were hard that Moses
         wrote you this law,” Jesus replied. “But at the beginning of creation God ‘made them male
         and female.’ ‘For this reason a man will leave his father and mother and be united to his
         wife, and the two will become one ﬂesh.’ So they are no longer two, but one ﬂesh. Therefore
         what God has joined together, let no one separate.” When they were in the house again, the
         disciples asked Jesus about this. He answered, “Anyone who divorces his wife and marries
         another woman commits adultery against her. And if she divorces her husband and marries
         another man, she commits adultery.”8 Thus, the Mohammedan Covenant allowed the man
         to choose freely to abide either by the rules of the Jesuit Covenant on marriage or to abide
         by the previous Covenant guidelines. In addition, the Mohammedan Covenant placed
         many restrictions on the types of marriages which would be allowed. For example, he
6
  The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 5 (Al-Ma’idah), Verse 90
7
  The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 4 (Al-Nisa), Verse 3
8
  The Holy Bible, Book of Mark, Chapter 10, Verses 1-12


                                                          88
                     The Sixth Covenant with Mohammed (PBUH & His Family)



          forbade sibling marriages and marrying one’s mother or father, uncles or aunts, marrying
          sisters at the same time, etc. In the Holy Qur’an, it says: “Also˺ forbidden to you for
          marriage are your mothers, your daughters, your sisters, your paternal and maternal aunts,
          your brother’s daughters, your sister’s daughters, your foster-mothers, your foster-sisters, your
          mothers-in-law, your stepdaughters under your guardianship if you have consummated
          marriage with their mothers—but if you have not, then you can marry them—nor the wives of
          your own sons, nor two sisters together at the same time—except what was done previously.
          Surely Allah is All-Forgiving, Most Merciful.”9


      5. He made charity (zakat) obligatory: “Take from their wealth a charity that puriﬁes and
          blesses them.”10 In the Mohammedan Covenant, it was obligatory that wealth be distributed
          amongst the people and a certain amount was to be taken from the rich and given to the
          poor and needy. This was a sort of social bene t system.


      6. He made pilgrimage (Hajj) to the Kaaba at least once in a lifetime for those with the means
          obligatory and a pillar of faith: “And proclaim to the people the Hajj [pilgrimage]; they will
          come to you on foot and on every lean camel; they will come from every distant pass.”11


Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) became God’s Messenger to all the worlds. Unlike
previous Messengers who were sent speci cally to Israel or to a particular people or nation,
Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) was sent to all of humanity. In fact, God sent Mohammed
(PBUH & His Family) as a Messenger to the entire universe, to all of creation including
non-human life such as jinn.12
     Out of the billions of human beings born throughout the past 10,000 years, millions were
believers. Out of those millions, 124,000 of them were chosen to become Prophets and reached the
rank of Prophethood (nabi). Out of the 124,000 Prophets, only 313 reached the next rank of
becoming a Messenger (rasool). Out of the 313 Messengers sent to humanity, only ve reached the
rank of an Imam (foremost guide) and became carriers of a new jurisprudence and Covenant.
Finally, out of the ve Ulul-Azm Messengers, the Covenant Prophets with great determination and
steadfastness, only 1 was to reach the next level of “two bow lengths or closer” to God.13 The rank
of dissolution into God: a state of incomprehensible oneness and singularity. It is a state of
communion with the Absolute God. It is the rank of God in Creation (Allah ﬁ-al-khalq). For the
sake of simplicity, we shall describe each rank or station (maqam):

9
  The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 4 (Al-Nisa), Verse 23
10
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 9 (Al-Taubah), Verse 103
11
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 22 (Al-Hajj), Verse 27
12
   Jinn are a species of intelligent life that share this planet with us and who originate o this world.
13
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 53 (Al-Najm), Verse 9


                                                             89
                                            The Goal of the Wise


       1. The rank of a Believer: This is a rank higher than being a non-believer. In this rank, the
           believer is required to pledge allegiance to the Messenger of God in his time or the Imam of
           his time, the one who has been selected to guide the believers through their journey.
           Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) said: “Whoever dies and doesn’t pledge
           allegiance to the Imam of his time has died the death of ignorance.”14 Once the believer nds
           and pledges allegiance to the representative of God in his time, he must obey him in all
           things.

       2. The rank of a Prophet: This is a rank higher than being an ordinary believer. In this rank,
           the belief of the believer has intensi ed to such a degree that God has made him a vessel
           whereby he may receive inspiration, words of truth, and even prophetic insights from God.
           They also have the ability to interpret them correctly.

        3. The rank of a Messenger: This is a rank higher than being an ordinary Prophet. In this rank,
           the Prophet is assigned to deliver a message or warning to a particular people. Some
           Messengers were sent to nations, others to tribes, others were sent to a particular family and
           yet others were sent to a single individual. In all cases, the Messenger has a task of delivering
           his message to someone on God’s behalf and by His instruction.


        4. The rank of an Imam: This is a rank higher than being an ordinary Messenger. In this rank,
           the Messenger must establish a new Covenant and implement a new jurisprudence
           appropriate for his time and in accordance with God’s instructions and wishes. After
           Abraham (PBUH) was chosen as a Prophet and then as a Messenger, he was made into an
           Imam. As such was demonstrated in the Holy Qur’an. Out of all the Messengers, Noah,
           Abraham, Moses, Jesus, and Mohammed (PBUT) were all given the task of establishing a
           new Covenant and implementing a new jurisprudence.

        5. The rank of God in Creation: This is a rank higher than an Imam. In this rank, the
           Messenger has completed himself and has become perfected in every way, shape, and form.
           He has successfully dissolved himself into God and has become the perfect image of God.
           He is now at this rank, given the duty by God of performing all the tasks God would do,
           such as taking care of all the a airs of creation. This includes sending forth Messengers. It is
           clear here that the purpose of the Creator with His creation is that He brings them to a
           point where they are like Him, perfected, and then once perfected, God leaves the a airs of
           creation to them. For He so loved His creation that He wished for them to be like Him.
           This is clear in the following direct narration from God (hadith qudsi) where God
           addresses His servants: “O son of Adam, I’m Ever-Living and do not die, obey Me in what I


14
     Al-Aql wa Al-Jahl ﬁ Al-Kitab wa Al-Sunnah, Mohammed Al-Reyshahri, p. 275


                                                       90
                       The Sixth Covenant with Mohammed (PBUH & His Family)



            command you so that I shall make you ever-living and not die. O son of Adam, I say to
            something, be and it is, so obey Me in what I command you and I shall make you say to
            something, be and it is.”15 When a human being loves his son, he wishes for his child to be
            like him, rather better than him. God’s love for us is like the love of a parent. Although it is
            not possible that we be better than God is, God wishes for us to be perfect in nature like
            Him. We cannot truly be like Him unless we get to experience what it is like to be Him or
            in charge of creation. It is as the narration states: “Creation are the children of God, the most
            beloved of His children to Him are those who are the kindest to His creation.”16

Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) in the famous night journey, was raised to this rank
and became God in Creation (Allah -al-khalq). He was given the task of taking care of all of
creation. One key aspect of this role is to send forth Messengers to invite, guide, and warn.
Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) was the Final Messenger of the Absolute God (Allah). Now
Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) was given the ability and authority to send his own
Messengers, who were to be called Imams and Mahdis. The twelve Imams and the twelve Mahdis
were appointed and mentioned by Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) on the night of his passing.
The twelve Imams are:


        1. Imam Ali ibn Abi Talib


        2. Imam Al-Hassan


        3. Imam Al-Hussein


        4. Imam Ali Zainul Abideen


        5. Imam Mohammed Al-Baqir


        6. Imam Ja’far Al-Sadiq


        7. Imam Musa Al-Kathim


        8. Imam Ali Al-Ridha


        9. Imam Mohammed Al-Jawad


15
     Al-Qiyadah ﬁ Al-Islam (Leadership in Islam), Mohammed Al-Reyshahri, p. 77
16
     Jami’ ahadith al-Shi’a (Collection of Shia Hadith), Al-Sayed Burujirdi, Vol. 16, p. 177


                                                              91
                                            The Goal of the Wise


     10. Imam Ali Al-Hadi


     11. Imam Al-Hassan Al-Askari


     12. Imam Mohammed ibn Al-Hassan Al-Askari, Al-Mahdi (From Them all is Peace)


The twelve Imams were the most perfect of Messengers. They were higher and better than any of
the previous Prophets and Messengers sent. Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family), his
daughter Fatimah Al-Zahra and the twelve Imams (From Them is Peace) were the only created
beings who incarnated into this world with inherent infallibility from birth until death. History
has not recorded against them any sins as it has with the other Prophets and Messengers. They were
the most perfect images of God in Creation. As demonstrated in the Book of Monotheism by Imam
Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), the Prophets and Messengers were working towards
paving the path for the coming of God in Creation. In the book of Deuteronomy, it states: “He
said: “The LORD came from Sinai and dawned over them from Seir; he shone forth from Mount
Paran.”17 Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) clari ed that the dawning of God in
Creation was through Jesus (PBUH), and a dawn is a partial manifestation and not a full
appearance and that the shining of God was a full appearance in Paran and that is through
Mohammed (PBUH & His Family).
     In Islamic narrations, it is mentioned in the Supplication of Attributes (Duaa Al-Simat): “And
by your rise in Seir, and your appearance on Mount Paran.”18 The rise or partial appearance is in
Jesus and the full appearance is in Mohammed (PBUH & His Family). For this reason, we nd
God’s description of Mohammed and the Family of Mohammed as “the complete words.” For
Mohammed is the complete appearance and the complete word, as stated in the Supplication of
Attributes (Duaa Al-Simat): “…and by Your word by which You have created the heavens and
earth…and by the matter of the complete word…and I ask You by Your word which overpowered
everything.”19
     Thus, the picture becomes clearer. All of the Prophets and Messengers were paving the way for
the coming of God in Creation. They paved the way for the rulership of God. God came in
creation through manifesting as His most perfect images, Mohammed and the Family of
Mohammed (From Them is Peace) who were a singular light created in the image of God. In fact,
they were the only thing created directly by the Absolute God. Everything and everyone else after
that was created by them. It was narrated from them that they (From Them is Peace) said: “We are
the creation of our Lord and the people after that are our creation.”20

17
   The Holy Bible, Book of Deuteronomy, Chapter 33, Verse 2
18
   Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allahmah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 87, p. 99
19
   Duaa Al-Simat
20
   Nahjul-Balagha, Sermons of Imam Ali, Vol. 3, p. 32


                                                       92
                      The Sixth Covenant with Mohammed (PBUH & His Family)



Mohammed who cleared the House of God from the false idols and false gods, and Ali who was
born in the House of God. Ali is the only human being to be born inside the Kaaba. Ali is the only
human being who was raised by Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) above his head and stood on
his shoulders in the Holy Kaaba. It is Mohammed and Ali and Al-Hassan and Al-Hussein (From
Them is Peace) who return as the twelve Imams and they are one light.
      In fact, the Seal of Mohammed could be read, “Mohammed the Messenger of Allah” but it also
reads: “Allah is the Messenger of Mohammed.” This points to the coming of God in Creation.
Below is an image of the famous seal.21


Figure 1: Seal of Mohammed (PBUH & His Family)




One day Aba Michael (PBUH) and a believer discussed what it means to know God by the Arabic
letters in the phrase: “There is no god but God (Allah).”
      Aba Michael (PBUH) said, “My brother, do you know who God is? God whom there is no God but
He, God is ‘there is no God but God.’ In the phrase, ‘there is no God but Allah,’ how many are the
letters in this sentence (in Arabic)?”
      The believer said, “Twelve.”
      Aba Michael (PBUH) asked, “Who is the best of them?”
      The believer responded, “Ali ibn Abi Talib (PBUH).”
      Aba Michael (PBUH) asked, “And who is after him?”
      The believer said, “Al-Hassan and Al-Hussein (PBUT).”
      Aba Michael (PBUH) said, “Good job, God is in them and they are in Him. The twelve Imams,
all of them.”
      All of the twelve Imams have come and gone except for the Twelfth and nal Imam, Imam
Mahdi (PBUH & His Family). He is named Baqiyat Allah, the remaining part of Allah. That is
because all of the other twelve parts of God in Creation have gone and he is the remaining Imam
from them. The nal part of that original light.


21
     The Seal of Mohammed, Muqwaki (circular) design. This is a famous relic found in museums throughout the
     world. This letter is one of the relics of Mohammed kept in the Topkapi Palace Museum in Istanbul, Turkey.


                                                           93
                                         The Goal of the Wise


Although there were many changes made in the jurisprudence of this new Covenant, the most
important part of the Mohammedan Covenant is that he implemented the pilgrimage to the Holy
House of God at least once in a lifetime. Muslims had to make pilgrimage to visit the Holy House
of God and pledge allegiance to the black stone. The circumambulation (tawaf) of the Kaaba
begins at the black stone where the rst act of the pilgrim is to put out their right hand and touch
or point to the black stone. This stone symbolizes the hand of God, and it represents the
Riser/Qaim of the Family of Mohammed (PBUH & His Family). The whole Hajj ritual represents
a pledge of allegiance to God through the pledge of allegiance to the Riser of the Family of
Mohammed (PBUH & His Family).
     Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) had brought to us his Family, the twelve Imams, who were
the perfect manifestation of God in Creation. The Holy Qur’an mentioned and emphasized our
duty towards them repeatedly: “…And Allah only wishes to remove all impurities from you, ye
members of the Family, and to purify you a thorough puriﬁcation.”22 Here we realize that God is
explicitly telling us that the Family of Mohammed (PBUH & His Family), who oftentimes are
referred to as the “Family of God,” are completely puri ed. Therefore, they are in fact, pure from
the seed of the devil and have none of the impurities of Satan or Cain in them.
     Imam Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace) said: “God created us from the light of His Might and then
He created us from a safeguarded clay from under the throne, and He made that light abide in us
and we were created as light beings and no one had a share in the likes of what He created us from,
and He created the souls of our followers (Shia) from our clay and their bodies are from a clay that is
safeguarded under that clay, and God did not make for anyone a share in the likes of what He created
them from except for the Prophets, and for that reason we and them became The People (true humans)
and the rest of the (apparent) people became beasts who are in the ﬁre and to the ﬁre.”23 Here we see
that the bodies of the Prophets, Messengers, and devoted followers (shia) of Mohammed’s Family
(Ahlul-Bayt) are all puri ed and unlike the seed of the devil. The love of Mohammed’s Family
(Ahlul-Bayt) became the puri er, identi er, and distinguisher of the children of Adam from the
children of Cain.
     The children of Adam (PBUH) were required in the Sixth Covenant to ful ll the pledge of
allegiance they made to the Family of Mohammed (From Them is Peace). For the main
commandment that Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) gave them was to love his Family and obey
them. The duties the Adamites would have towards the Family of Mohammed (From Them is
Peace) would be that they prefer them over their own selves just as they did Mohammed, and
everything they gave Mohammed they would give to his Family. As Mohammed (PBUH & His
Family) said on the day of Ghadir Khum: “Whoever I am the Master of, Ali is his Master.”24


22
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 33 (Al-Ahzab), Verse 33
23
   Al-Kaﬁ, Al-Shaikh Al-Kulayni, Vol. 1, p. 389
24
   Mizan Al-Hikmah (Scale of Wisdom), Mohammed Al-Reyshahri, Vol. 1, p. 138


                                                     94
                   The Sixth Covenant with Mohammed (PBUH & His Family)



There were also taxes called the Fifth (khums) implemented which was literally equal to a fth of
every person’s income. This was to be given from every believer to the Prophet and the Imams after
him and stored in the treasury (Bayt-ul-mal or house of funds) of the nation. This money was used
for the state or whatever the Prophet or Imam deemed necessary. In the Holy Qur’an this tax of
twenty percent is mentioned in the following verse: “Know that whatever property you may gain,
one-ﬁfth belongs to God, the Messenger, the kindred, orphans, the needy and those who need money
while on a journey. (This is the law) if you believe in God and what We revealed to Our Servant on
the Day of Distinction (Badr) when the armies confronted each other. God has power over all
things.”25
     Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) instituted several practices to purify the believers
from the impurities of Cain’s social, nancial, and dietary habits, norms, and practices. First, he
established the ve canonical prayers (salat) in order to purify the hearts of people from the
impurities of Cain’s ways. Second, the Fifth tax (khums) and charity (zakat) would purify the
people’s money from the impurities of Cain’s ways. Third, fasting (siyam) was established to teach
self-control, empathize with the hungry, and to purify one’s body from the food which had been
a ected in any way by Cain’s ways.
     Love and obedience to the Family of Mohammed (From Them is Peace) are only achieved by a
person who is an o spring of Adam (PBUH). The rituals in Islam were designed to rid the person
of the remnants of Satan within him and to bring forth the Adamite within. Every created being,
including the descendants of Cain, would have an opportunity to cleanse themselves through the
love of the Family of Mohammed (From Them is Peace) and become from the descendants of
Adam (PBUH). Physical ancestry no longer mattered in this Covenant. Just as Mohammed
(PBUH & His Family) demonstrated when he said: “Salman is from us, the Ahlul-Bayt.”26 The
ultimate goal of all creation was to become part of a united soul family, the Family of God
(Ahlul-Bayt).
     Allah instructed Mohammed to state: “Say: “No reward do I ask of you for this except the love of
those near of kin.”27 There is a plethora of narrations that emphasize the importance of loving,
obeying, and taking as leaders the Family of Mohammed (From Them is Peace). The Prophet
equated treatment of them with treatment of him, for he said: “Fatimah is from me, whoever harms
her has harmed me, and whoever harms me has harmed God, and whoever harms God upon him is
the curse of God, a curse which ﬁlls the heavens and the earth.”28 He said: “O Ali, no one loves you
except for a believer and no one hates you except for a hypocrite.”29 Now we know that the
Guardianship (Wilayah) of the Family of Mohammed (From Them is Peace) is the way we can

25
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 8 (Al-Anfal), Verse 41
26
   Al-Mustadrak, Al-Hakim Al-Nishapuri, Vol. 3, p. 598
27
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 42 (Al-Shura), Verse 23
28
   Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allahmah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 43, p. 54
29
   Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allahmah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 39, p. 287


                                                         95
                                              The Goal of the Wise


distinguish between the sons of Iblis and Cain and between the sons of Adam (PBUH). Only the
sons of Adam (PBUH) can bear the Guardianship (Wilayah) of the Family of Mohammed. The
sons of Cain cannot. It is impossible that a son of Cain have love for Ali and his sons (From Them
is Peace). However, the sons of Cain could bear the Guardianship (Wilayah) of Mohammed
(PBUH & His Family). As a result, we see, in the lifetime of Mohammed (PBUH & His Family),
there were tens of thousands of believers in him. However, after he dies, only a few supported and
remained with Ali (From Him is Peace).
      The reason for this is that Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) only implemented a small part of
the religion. He came as a mercy for all of the worlds, even the children of Cain. The Sixth
Covenant o ered an opportunity for all to come under the rule and Guardianship of God through
Mohammed, in one way, shape, or form so long as they submitted to his authority. That which he
was unable to implement in his lifetime would be delayed until a future time. If the people had
obeyed and accepted the Guardianship (Wilayah) of God, or the Family of Mohammed, they
would have received the remaining parts of religion. However, because they did not, and they
continued to plot against the Family of Mohammed and murder them, humanity and speci cally
the Arabs, broke the Mohammedan Covenant. The Arabs awaited for each successor to be born
from the Family of Mohammed in order that they imprison or murder them. Indeed, they
murdered all of the Imams one by one, except for the Twelfth Imam, Mohammed ibn Al-Hassan
Al-Askari, Al-Mahdi (PBUH & His Family) who went into an absence as a child.
      Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family) sent many Messengers throughout the past 1,200 years and
attempted to guide humanity. Most of the Messengers were belied, killed or tortured. Imam Mahdi
(PBUH & His Family) would not be the physical father of his successor, like his predecessors, but
rather God decided to send the souls of the Family of Mohammed (From Them is Peace) in
seemingly random, undetectable bodies in order to hide and protect their identities from the seed
of Iblis. The rst of these successors to be sent in this manner was Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From
Him is Peace). He declared himself the son and Messenger of Imam Mohammed ibn Al-Hassan
Al-Mahdi (PBUH & His Family) and God established with him a new Covenant. A Seventh and
Final Covenant, in which he would spread the remaining parts of religion.
      While the Covenant of Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) seems like the easiest of Covenants
to some, it was actually the hardest of them all. Because the prerequisite for upholding the
Covenant was to obey Ali and his sons the same obedience one would have towards God Almighty
and be willing to sacri ce their entire lives for them. “Indeed, God has purchased from the believers
their lives and their properties [in exchange] for that they will have paradise. They strive in the cause
of God, so they kill and are killed. [It is] a true promise [binding] upon Him in the Torah, the Gospels,
and the Qur’an. And who is truer to His Covenant than God? So rejoice in your transaction which you
have contracted. And it is that which is the great achievement.”30


30
     The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 9 (Al-Taubah), Verse 111


                                                         96
                      The Sixth Covenant with Mohammed (PBUH & His Family)



So the Adamite must rst believe in the Family of Mohammed (From Them is Peace), and belief is
complete and total obedience without question or doubt. Then, they must be willing to o er to
God one’s wealth, health, spouse, children, and self and all that one owns for the sake of the
religion. This is not an easy task. But as Jesus (PBUH) said: “Anyone who loves their father or mother
more than me is not worthy of me; anyone who loves their son or daughter more than me is not worthy
of me.”31 Mohammed and the Family of Mohammed (From Them is Peace) were better than all of
the Prophets and Messengers. They were the perfect re ection and manifestation of God in
Creation (Allah -al-khalq).




31
     The Holy Bible, Book of Matthew, Chapter 10, Verse 37


                                                             97
The Goal of the Wise




        98
                 Door Number Seven


      The Seventh Covenant with

Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace)




 “When the Qaim rises, he sends forth in every province
  a man who will say, ‘Your covenant is in your hand.’”
                                              The Goal of the Wise


                     hmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) is the companion of the nal and greatest
                     Covenant. This Covenant is the culmination of all of the e orts of the Prophets,
                     Messengers, and righteous people from the time of Adam (PBUH) until today.
                     The companion of the nal Covenant appears and validates all of the previous
Covenants of the previous Prophets and Messengers. He unites the world under the truth and
returns it to the Divine Edenic-like Just State in which there is no poverty, no wars, no diseases, no
death, and no rule for the sons of Satan. This is far from being an easy job. It is the most di cult
job, and it was what all of the Prophets and Messengers sought to accomplish but were unable to
accomplish in their lifetimes.
      As we have demonstrated in the past six Covenants in the Book, humanity was created in the
image of God, and our father Adam (PBUH) was appointed King over creation. The sons and
daughters of Adam were the royal heirs of the Earth and all that is on it. A single mistake, act of
disobedience, and transgression against Lady Fatimah Al-Zahra (From Her is Peace) caused Adam
(PBUH) to have to bear the consequences of his actions, life on Earth with his enemy and the
descendants of his enemy, Iblis, locked together on Earth in an ongoing struggle over the throne.
      The mere existence of the children of Cain would cause an endless amount of su ering,
beginning with the murder of Abel at the hands of Cain and continuing on with Cain and his
children committing all kinds of crimes and sins. These sins and crimes caused new laws to be
implemented which further restricted the freedoms that Adam and Eve (PBUT) once enjoyed in
the Garden of Eden. The world became a place of su ering and the goal of Adam’s children would
be to return humanity to the Garden of Eden, rather to turn the entire Earth into a Divine
Edenic-like State that humanity once lived in. This could only be accomplished if the descendants
of Adam (PBUH) ruled.
      We established in the previous six Doors that the children of Cain by nature were savages,
criminals, and evil-doers who would constantly be corrupting in the land. God gave them many
opportunities and repeatedly had to wipe them out through punishments after they murdered
every son of the light that was sent to them. We established that the true King appointed by God is
a son of Adam (PBUH) for it is the sons of Adam that God blew His Holy Spirit into. We
established that Adam was a King and he was given absolute authority over all things. We
established through David (PBUH) that the ruler appointed by God is immune from prosecution
and is above the law. It is established in the scriptures that the ruler appointed by God was
identi ed by the people through the law of identifying the Proof of God: 1) The Will; 2) The
Knowledge; 3) Calling to the Supremacy of God.
      The Will means that the ruler is divinely appointed and his name is clearly mentioned in the
Will of the person who is appointing him, his predecessor. Adam (PBUH) for example is appointed
by God as is evident in the Holy Qur’an: “Indeed, I will make upon the Earth a caliph.”1 We see that


1
    The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 2 (Al-Baqarah), Verse 30


                                                        100
             The Seventh Covenant with Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace)


Adam (PBUH) appoints Abel and Seth. We see that Noah (PBUH) appoints Shem. We see that
Moses (PBUH) appoints Aaron and Joshua son of Nun (PBUT). We see many examples of divine
appointment in the scriptures, where Prophets appoint their successors.
    The Knowledge means that the divinely appointed Messenger and ruler has God-given
knowledge that allows him to know the unseen and answer people’s questions, speci cally in these
great matters that are only revealed by a divine Messenger, the matters that are referred to as the
greatest of matters or Aza’im Al-O’moor. We have this criteria of knowledge in the Holy Qur’an in
these following verses in regards to the appointment of Adam (PBUH) as the Caliph of Allah:
“And He taught Adam all of the names; then he presented them to the angels, and said, “Tell Me the
names of these, if you are sincere.”2
    The Call to the Supremacy of God means that the Messenger of God always calls towards the
Supremacy of God and does not call to the supremacy of the people. This means that the only
person who can rule the people is somebody who is appointed by God and calls the people to God.
He is the Philosopher King3 or the Divine Ruler. The appointment of Adam (PBUH) meant that
he is the Ruler, the King, the Prime Minister, and the President. He is the one entrusted by God to
execute the will of God on Earth. Hence, the concept of the Supremacy of God means that the
person who is holding the a airs of humanity has to be somebody chosen, selected, and appointed
by God. He is not elected by people or chosen on the basis of people’s subjective self-interest, the
interest of a political party, or the biases of any particular group. God chooses based on what is
good for all of humanity’s spiritual, mental, and physical well-being. Jesus (PBUH) said: “I seek not
my own will but the will of my Father who sent me.”4
    So how does God make His appointment clearly known? Just as Adam (PBUH) was identi ed
by divine appointment by God, by having the names of all things (knowledge), and by calling to the
Supremacy of God (by being the appointed Caliph of God in the land). A person cannot identify
the ruler appointed by God by worldly standards, such as physical characteristics, social status,
marital status, popularity, wealth, and the like. For God sent rulers such as Solomon (PBUH) who
were extremely rich and had hundreds of wives. He also sent rulers who had little to no material
riches such as Jesus (PBUH). We established that the laws change according to the circumstances of
the time and age. The actions of the appointed rulers of God may not always be well understood or
appear as a norm in the society in which they lived. Just as we demonstrated with the actions of
David, Lot, and Jesus (PBUT), one can never object to the divine ruler or King appointed by God.
Absolute and total obedience is necessary in all cases and situations. We also established through Ali
(PBUH) and his sons, the Imams and the Mahdis, that the way we can identify a son of Adam from
a son of Cain, is through their love and allegiance to the divinely appointed ruler in their time.

2
  The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 2 (Al-Baqarah), Verse 31
3
  The Philosopher King in Plato’s Republic is the perfect ruler in whom political skill is combined with the possession
  of absolute knowledge of the truth.
4
  The Holy Bible, Book of John, Chapter 5, Verse 30


                                                          101
                                               The Goal of the Wise


Anyone who accepts and loves and is a loyal follower (Shia) of the divinely appointed King is a
child of Adam, and those who reject and are hostile are a child of the devil.
      When looking back at all of this, the story of humanity from Adam (PBUH) until today, we
realize that our true religion is one thing, obedience to the divinely appointed King. Our story is a
story of a throne, rulership, and land usurped by the sons of Iblis, that old king who refuses to
accept God’s choice of King. Our story is the story of a King who has been ousted (Adam and his
descendants) and a struggle to restore him to his throne and give ability to his children in the land.
That is the entirety of religion and its purpose, to allow God’s rule on the Earth, a rule which will
spread justice and equality throughout the land. Religion was twisted and corrupted by the
children of Cain. They made it to be a thing where the rule of a country becomes separate from the
religion, the so-called separation of Church and State. The idea that we accept Jesus, Mohammed,
Buddha, Krishna, etc. as long as they are not in a position to rule over us. We accept them as
Sunday school teachers. This was not how God intended it to be. Religion was not about following
a set of rituals, such as cleansing rituals or certain prayer rituals, but rather it was about obedience
and allegiance to the divinely appointed King, and that King represented God’s rule on Earth. God
never intended to be absent from people’s lives or the a airs of this world, God wanted to
guarantee the establishment of justice and equality on the Earth through the appointment of His
Messengers as divine rulers, those Messengers who have been persecuted, tortured, and killed
throughout history because they defended God’s justice and defended God’s rule on Earth, the
Supremacy of God.
      So we believe that all of the problems that are on the Earth are due to the fact that the rulers that
are ruling the Earth are not divinely appointed and most of them are not even children of Adam.
Abi Khalid Al-Kabuli narrated that Abi Abdillah (PBUH) said: “God the Exalted made religion two
states: the state of Adam, and it is the state of God, and the state of Iblis. So when God wants to be
worshiped publicly it would be the state of Adam, and if God wanted to be worshiped in secret, it
would be the state of Iblis, and the one who makes public what God wanted to conceal has exited out of
religion.”5
      Therefore, we can clearly see that religion is tied to divine rulership. For the whole religion is
rulership. Verily, God says: “Indeed, I will make upon the Earth a caliph.” Now we understand that
the Mahdis (divinely appointed Guides) are actually not just spiritual leaders but Kings with
political and spiritual authority on Earth. Today, the so-called State of Israel believes they are
entitled by God to have a country for Jews, and they de ne Jewish identity not just by faith, but
also by biological lineage through the mother. Similarly, we believe that we, those who believe in
the Mahdis mentioned in the Will of Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) are not just
united by faith, but we also believe we are united through lineage as we believe we are all related and
of one race, the sons of Adam (PBUH). However, unlike a biological race, we are a spiritual


5
    Al-Kaﬁ, Al-Shaikh Al-Kulayni, Vol. 2, p. 372


                                                       102
                 The Seventh Covenant with Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace)


lineage.6 Any human being can choose to become part of this lineage, this soul family, by purifying
themselves, giving victory to the light within, defeating darkness, and submitting to the divinely
appointed ruler.
      The soul sons of Adam (PBUH) now constitute the soul family of Aal Al-Mahdi (Family of the
Mahdi). As we have shown throughout the previous Doors, those who carry the seed of Adam
(PBUH) are naturally inclined to the vicegerent of God, love, justice, and goodness. They are
children of the light, while the seed of Satan are inherently impure and prone to oppression and
evil. God’s ultimate purpose and plan is to purify the Earth from the remnants of Satan that have
caused mayhem, chaos, and oppression through seizing authority from the rightful heirs, the
children of Adam (PBUH). After thousands of years of genetic mixing between the children of
Adam (PBUH) and the children of Satan, mutations, and epigenetics, the Seventh Covenant
establishes our new bonds, identity, and laws based on our “Spiritual Race” or spiritual lineage.
Biological race, fascist-style eugenics, and genetic claims to religious and/or secular authority and
rulership will be eliminated. All of these standards are false and the root cause of tyranny,
oppression, and injustice on the Earth. The Seventh Covenant comes with knowledge of the soul in
order to eliminate all the false identities that have caused so much misery.
      As stated earlier, religion at its core is tied to divine rulership and sovereignty (Wilayah). It is an
idea that is well established in the Catholic Church. The Catholic Church is one of the longest
standing and wealthiest institutions in the world and it bases its authority and sovereignty on this
principle derived from the following verse: “I will give you the keys of the kingdom of heaven;
whatever you bind on earth will be bound in heaven, and whatever you loose on earth will be loosed in
heaven.”7
      Just as the Catholics believe it is important for their spiritual leader, the Pope, to be empowered
as the head of his own sovereign state, the Vatican, with its own laws, we too believe it is important
to have the Mahdis be heads of their own state with its own laws being implemented. We believe
that it is God’s promise that one day in this lifetime of ours, we shall be granted our own land to
rule. The Divine Just State is the promise of God and the inheritance of the Children of Adam
(PBUH). The type of rule which would exist in the Divine Just State would be a rule based on
equality and justice for all, where people of all faiths and denominations would be allowed to
practice their faith freely in our state, under the ag of the Supremacy of God.
      To further demonstrate the point that the Catholics believe that the vicegerent of Jesus, i.e. the
Pope according to them, has heavenly and earthly rule and authority, here is the ag, emblem, and
seal of the Catholic State, the Vatican City State (Figure 1) in which you can see two keys, the gold
representing authority in heaven and the silver representing authority on earth. The crown you see
on the ag as well shows clearly that the Catholics understand the Pope to be a king with divine


6
    The concept of spiritual lineage will be explained in greater detail later in this Book.
7
    The Holy Bible, Book of Matthew, Chapter 16, Verse 19


                                                               103
                                        The Goal of the Wise


authority:


Figure 1: Flag of the Vatican City State




Similarly, we nd this concept in Buddhism, where the Dalai Lama (Tenzin Gyasto) is the head of
state and spiritual leader of the Tibetan people. In Islam, Shias today claim similar authority and
rulership with the Rule of the Jurisprudent (Wilayat Al-Faqih) and to some degree, their Marjas
are given the same stature. In the Sunni world, we see the king of Jordan claiming authority
through his supposed Hashemite lineage to Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) and he
proclaims himself to be the custodian of the Al-Aqsa Mosque in Jerusalem. The Wahabi rulers of
the kingdom of Saudi Arabia also claim Prophetic authority, as well as declaring themselves to be
the custodians of the two holy shrines in Mecca and Medina.
   In the Seventh Covenant, because lineage will be soul-based, the Mahdis will not necessarily be
physical descendants of one another. They may have multiple, hybrid, and mixed heritage in the
physical sense. The world has not witnessed a Kingdom where its successors come from di erent
genealogies, nationalities, ethnicities, languages, or religious groups for that matter. We have not
had a Kingdom of di erent nationalities and inheritors of one another. Amr ibn Shimr narrated
that Jabir said:


        A man entered upon Abi Ja’far Al-Baqir (PBUH) and said to him: “May Allah keep
        you healthy, please take these ﬁve hundred dirhams from me,” So Abu Ja’far (PBUH)
        said to him: “You take it, spend it on your neighbors from the people of Islam and the
        poor ones from your Muslim brothers,” then he said: “If the Riser/Qaim of the
        Ahlul-Bayt rises, he shall divide equally, and he shall be fair to the people, whoever
        obeys him has obeyed God and whoever disobeys him disobeyed God, and he is called a
        Guide because he guides to a matter which has been previously hidden/unknown, and
        he shall bring forth the Torah and the rest of the books of God out of a cave in Antioch.
        He shall then rule between the people of the Torah by the Torah and between the people
        of the Gospels by their Gospels, and between the people of the Psalms (Zabur) by their

                                                  104
               The Seventh Covenant with Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace)


           Psalms (Zabur), and between the people of the Qur’an by their Qur’an. And the money
           of the world is gathered for him, from the inner of the earth and from the top of it.
           And he shall say to the people: ‘Come to that which you cut ties with your families over,
           and that which you spilt blood over, and that which you did what God forbade over,’
           and the Riser/Qaim will be given what no one was given before him and he shall ﬁll
           the Earth with justice and equity and light as it had been ﬁlled with injustice and
           oppression and evil.” 8


Clearly, we see that even in the Divine Just State, peoples of other faiths will live in this State with
the freedom to practice their faith. They will be ruled by their own scriptures and not by the
Jurisprudence or laws of Islam. Rather, freedom of religion is preserved in the Divine Just State. In
fact, all religions are united and are considered to be all parts of one giant family of faith. By
revealing the Seventh Covenant, Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) establishes a new
Covenant based on our spiritual identity. He validates the previous Covenants and the Prophets of
those Covenants, both the Prophets who were companions of a Covenant and the Prophets who
followed under that Covenant in the generations after. To validate something means to make or
declare it legally valid.
      Therefore, it is narrated about the Riser/Qaim that he will reinstate laws from previous
Covenants, and will judge and rule at times by ways of the previous Prophets and Messengers.
Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) has therefore started this process by publicly
con rming and validating Prophets and Messengers of various religions around the world as being
true Prophets and Messengers from God. He also revealed that many of the world’s greatest
thinkers, philosophers, scientists, and mathematicians were divinely inspired Prophets and
Messengers, and we believe in them, in the same way as we believe in Mohammed (PBUH & His
Family). Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) has said: “Our constitution states that all the
Prophets and Messengers are one and we do not diﬀerentiate between any of God’s Prophets,
Messengers, or Vicegerents.” Abu Dharr narrated that he asked the Prophet of Allah, Mohammed
(PBUH & His Family): “O Messenger of Allah, how many were the Prophets in number?” And
Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) replied: “One hundred and twenty-four thousand
Prophets,” and so Abu Dharr asked: “And from that (number), how many were the Messengers?” to
which he (PBUH & His Family) replied: “Three hundred and thirteen Messengers.” 9
      There are under thirty Prophets that have been explicitly named in the Holy Qur’an and under
one hundred explicitly named in the Torah and Gospels, most of which are the same. Here is a list
of some of the Prophets and Messengers named in the Qur’an, Gospels, and Torah:



8
    Kitab Al-Ghayba (Book of Occultation), Al-Numani, Vol. 1, pp. 240-241
9
    Tafsir Ibn Kathir, Ibn Kathir, Vol. 1, p. 600


                                                        105
                       The Goal of the Wise


1. Adam
2. Abel/Habil
3. Seth/HibatAllah
4. Enosh
5. Kenan
6. Mahalalel
7. Jared
8. Enoch/Idris
9. Methuselah
10. Lamech
11. Noah/Nuh
12. Sam
13. Hud/Eber
14. Saleh
15. Abraham/Ibrahim
16. Isaac/Ishaq
17. Ishmael/Ismail
18. Jacob/Yacub
19. Joseph/Yusuf
20. Lot
21. Job/Ayub
22. Jeduthun
23. Asaph
24. Moses/Musa
25. Aaron/Harun
26. Joshua
27. Gideon
28. Samuel
29. Shuaib/Jethro
30. David/Dawud
31. Solomon/Sulaiman
32. Hezekiah



                               106
       The Seventh Covenant with Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace)


33. Gad
34. Nathan
35. Shemaiah
36. Jehu
37. Jahaziel
38. Eliezer
39. Iddo
40. Oded
41. Azariah
42. Ezra
43. Nehemiah
44. Uzair
45. Micah
46. Elijah/Eliyah
47. Elisha/Elyasaa’
48. Elias
49. Jonah/Yunus
50. Isaiah
51. Jeremiah
52. Zephaniah
53. Nahum
54. Habakkuk
55. Ezekiel/Dhul Ki
56. Uriah
57. Baruch ben Neriah
58. Amos
59. Zechariah
60. Malachi
61. Joel
62. Daniel
63. John the Baptist/Yahya ibn Zakariyya
64. Jesus Christ/Issa



                                           107
                                      The Goal of the Wise


   65. John of Patmos
   66. Mohammed

Those Judeo-Christian-Islamic Prophets mentioned above are all part of the one hundred and
twenty-four thousand Prophets and Messengers who were sent to the Earth. However, there still
remain over one hundred thousand who were unknown. Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is
Peace) has begun to reveal those Prophets who were previously unknown to be Prophets by Jews,
Christians, and Muslims. Here are just a few examples:


   1. Buddha
   2. Krishna
   3. Confucius
   4. Lao Tzu
   5. Zeus
   6. Osiris
   7. Socrates
   8. Aristotle
   9. Plato
   10. Alexander the Great
   11. Mani
   12. Pythagoras
   13. Saint Augustine
   14. Arnobius of Sicca
   15. Plotinus
   16. Ammonius Saccas
   17. King Artaxerxes
   18. Odin
   19. Donatus Magnus
   20. Cyrus the Great
   21. Zoroaster
   22. King Philip of Macedonia
   23. Al-Lat
   24. Al-Uzza



                                               108
             The Seventh Covenant with Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace)


     25. Manat
     26. Arjuna
     27. Horus
     28. Obaid Al-Haddad of Iraq
     29. Heem of Iraq
     30. Adrahan of Iraq
     31. Ozra Ouri of Iraq
     32. Abdel Malik of Iraq
     33. Theodosius II
     34. Darius
     35. Amid of Egypt

These are just a few names of some of the one hundred and twenty-four thousand Prophets who
were sent to the Earth who Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) con rmed as true Prophets of
God. Almost all religions in the world were originally created by a true Prophet or Messenger of
God. For God sent Prophets and Messengers to every corner of the Earth. The Holy Qur’an states:
“And for every community or a nation (ummah), there is a Messenger; when their Messenger comes,
the matter will be judged between them with justice, and they will not be wronged.”10
     Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) had long alluded to the fact that there were
Prophets and Messengers that the people did not know about. In the Holy Qur’an, it states: “And,
indeed We have sent Messengers before you; of some of them We have related to you their story and of
some We have not related to you their story, and it was not given to any Messenger that he should
bring a sign except by the Leave of Allah. So, when the Commandment of Allah comes, the matter will
be decided with truth, and the followers of falsehood will then be lost.”11
     He (PBUH & His Family) even mentioned names when he said: “I am the Aristotle of this
nation.”12 In another occasion, it was narrated: “Amr ibn Al-Aas came from Alexandria, Egypt and
approached the Prophet of Allah (PBUH & His Family) and the Prophet asked him: “What did you
see there?” Amr responded, “I saw a people (believing in the teachings of Aristotle) and gathering in
circles and mentioning a man named Aristotle may God curse him.” The Prophet (PBUH & His
Family) said, “Stop O Amr! Verily Aristotle was a Prophet but his people did not recognize him as
such.”13
     This means that every religion from the ancient Egyptian mystery religions to the ancient Greek
religions to Buddhism, Hinduism, and Manichaeism are all based on true revelations from God,
10
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 10 (Yunus), Verse 47
11
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 40 (Gha r), Verse 78
12
   Nozhat Al-Arwah, Al-Fadel Al-Shahrzory
13
   Maḥbūb Al-Qulūb, Qutb Al-Din Mohammed Al-Ashkuri Al-Dailmi, p. 117


                                                    109
                                               The Goal of the Wise


although every religion has become corrupted and falsehoods have entered into it through means of
non-working scholars and enemies of the faith, just as it has with Judaism, Christianity and Islam.
Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) has stated that ninety-nine percent of religion is
wrong, not ninety-nine percent of all religions, ninety-nine percent of each religion, even Islam.
Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) seeks to unite all religions, and show the falsehoods
and show the truths in every one of them, thus uniting all Covenants, all messages from all
Prophets under one divine Covenant and message, the Seventh Covenant.
     Unfortunately, the sons of Satan that are on the Earth have taken religion as a means of
controlling and oppressing people and have taken religion as a means to separate people and cause
wars in the name of God. Due to the corruption of the teachings and words of the Prophets and
Messengers, the sons of Satan, led by their non-working scholars, will ght the Qaim/Riser on his
mission to unite humanity. The twelve Imams (From Them is Peace) have said: “When Imam
Mahdi emerges he shall not have a more clear enemy than the religious scholars, and for that reason
he and the sword are brothers, because if it were not for the sword, the religious scholars would have
issued decrees that he be killed, but God makes him appear with the sword and with generosity and
kindness so that they may obey him and fear him and accept his judgment without believing in it,
rather they hold within their hearts the opposite of belief.”14 In another tradition, Imam Al-Sadiq
(From Him is Peace) says: “If the Riser/Qaim emerges there shall not be between him and the Arabs
and the Persians except for the sword.”15 These two traditions tell us that the number one enemies of
Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) will be the religious scholars of all religions but most
speci cally, the religious scholars of Islam, Sunni and Shiite. Not because it is the Riser/Qaim who
wishes to impose on them his faith, but rather it is them that issue religious decrees to kill the
Riser/Qaim        rst and declare him an apostate and seek to eliminate and kill him and his
companions rst.
     The Seventh Covenant is di cult and heavy upon the Arabs especially. This is why the
traditions from the Ahlul-Bayt (From Them is Peace) record them as saying: “The Qaim/Riser shall
rise with a new matter, and a new book, and a new jurisprudence/rule which will be hard for the
Arabs.”16 In other traditions: “He will come with a new religion which is diﬃcult for the Arabs (to
accept).”17 In fact, the opposition to the uni cation of religions is so strong that at points the
Riser/Qaim is forced to defend himself even from some of his own followers once he starts actually
reviving all of the previous Covenant laws and practices and uniting all of the world’s religions into
one. Abi Baseer narrated that Abi Ja’far (From Him is Peace) said:

14
   Yanabi’ Al-Mawadda Li-Dhawi L-Qurba, Sulayman b. Ibrahim Al-Qunduzi Al-Hana , Vol. 3, p. 215
15
   Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 52, p. 389
16
   Kitab Al-Ghayba (Book of Occultation), Al-Numani, Vol. 1, p. 236
17
   The ‘religion’ or din is the Imam’s words and does not appear in publicly available manuscripts. Most of the available
   texts use some variation of amr-e-jadid (a new matter). Although it is not available at this time, the Imam will make it
   public at the appropriate time. Historically, almost all the books that used the word ‘religion’ or din were burned and
   destroyed. God’s religion will also have a new name. The Ahmadi Religion of Peace and Light indicates towards this.


                                                           110
            The Seventh Covenant with Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace)


        The Qaim goes forth judging cases which some of his companions who fought ahead of
        him in battle reject, and it is the judgment of Adam (PBUH), so the Riser/Qaim
        brings forth the men who objected and strikes their necks, then he judges the second case
        and another people who fought with him in battle shall reject it, and it is the judgment
        of David (PBUH), so he brings them forth and strikes their necks, and then he judges a
        third case, and another people who fought alongside him in battle shall reject, and it is
        the judgment of Abraham (PBUH), so he brings them forth and strikes their necks,
        then he judges a fourth case and it is by the judgment of Mohammed (PBUH & His
        Family) and none shall reject it.18


The Riser/Qaim in traditions of the Family of Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) even starts his
Call and gathers his companions by speaking in Hebrew. Al-Mufaddel ibn Omar said that Abu
Abdullah (From Him is Peace) said:


        “When God gives permission, the Imam shall call upon God by His Hebrew name
        upon which his three hundred and thirteen companions shall come forth to him like the
        leaves of autumn, and they are the companions of the banners, and some of them will
        go missing from their bed at night and wake up in Mecca, and others will be seen in
        the clouds during the day, he will be known by his name and the name of his father
        and his lineage.” I said: “May I be your ransom, who is greater in faith?” He said:
        “The ones who go forth in the clouds during the day and they are the missing ones, and
        concerning them the verse came down: ‘Wherever you shall be, God shall gather you
        all.’ ” 19


Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) started the Seventh Covenant by using the Star of
David with the name Ahmed in it as a seal and symbol of his Call.20 The Arab and Muslim world’s
reaction to the use of this symbol is tragic. Although Muslims believe that the Torah is from God
and the Prophets and Messengers of Judaism include David and Solomon (PBUT), they have
accused their own Mahdi and Savior of being an Israeli agent, a Mossad agent, an American agent.
This is due to their ignorance of Prophetic traditions concerning the advent of Imam Mahdi. In
ful llment of the prophecies, Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) came with the Star of
Prophet David (PBUH), and he is the inheritor of the Prophets and Messengers. The racism and
ignorance of most of the Arabs and Persians and their hatred of the Jews will make them take the
Riser/Qaim as an enemy, and never accept anything that they consider to be of Jewish nature,


18
   Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 52, p. 389
19
   Kitab Al-Ghayba (Book of Occultation), Al-Numani, Vol. 1, pp. 324 - 325
20
   The Arabic word Ahmed means ‘praised’ and is the same as the Hebrew word Judah (Yehuḏā).


                                                      111
                                      The Goal of the Wise


heritage, or origin. The racism and ignorance of some of the Pakistani Muslims and their hatred of
Hindus and Indians will make them take the Riser/Qaim as an enemy when they hear that
Krishna, Arjuna, the Buddha, and others were Prophets and Messengers.
   There has never been another Covenant that sought to unite all of the world religions in truth
such as the Seventh Covenant. Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) attempted to unite the People
of the Book under the banner of Submission to the One God (Islam), but the religions which he
tried to unite were all Semitic, and mainly Jewish-based religions, for the Holy Qur’an mentions the
Jews, the Christians, and the Mandaeans for the most part along with their books, and Prophets.
The Seventh Covenant is the only Covenant that seeks to revive and unite every religion whose
origin was a Prophet, worldwide from Adam’s time until today.
   The sign of the Seventh Covenant is the six-pointed star, commonly known as the Star of David
(Figure 2). It is a symbol of the universe, both the physical and non-physical realms. Thus, we can
see that this nal and most complete Covenant is the everlasting Covenant that is for the entire
universe. It is God’s Covenant with all of creation. One of the things that makes this Covenant
special and unique compared to the previous Covenants is that it is a Covenant with the souls.


Figure 2: Symbol of the Ahmadi Covenant




If we look at the First Covenant, we see that Adam’s Covenant was established between God and
Adam (PBUH). The Second Covenant was between God, Noah (PBUH), and his family. The
Third Covenant was between God, Abraham (PBUH), and his family. The Fourth Covenant was
between God and Moses, and Abraham’s descendants, the Israelites. The Fifth Covenant was
between God, Jesus (PBUH), and the Ishmaelites (Arabs), who were also the children of Abraham.
The Sixth Covenant was between God, Mohammed, and the Family of Mohammed (From Them
is Peace), and it was a Covenant for all the worlds. This Seventh Covenant now is no longer based
on physical ancestry and is not with the bodies but it is a Covenant between God and the souls
instead, the righteous souls.




                                                112
             The Seventh Covenant with Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace)


Just as the laws changed from Covenant to Covenant, adjusting itself and evolving according to the
time and circumstances, as such, the Seventh Covenant comes with its own jurisprudence and set
of laws appropriate for this time, age, and people. What is appropriate from the previous
Covenants, God keeps them in this Covenant, and everything other than that is null and void and
new laws are added. Mohammed and the Family of Mohammed (From Them is Peace) have told us
that when the Riser/Qaim comes, he will change the religion drastically. Imam Al-Baqir (From
Him is Peace) said: “If the Riser/Qaim rises (PBUH) he shall destroy everything that came before
him, just as the Prophet of Allah (PBUH & His Family) did, and he shall establish a new Islam.”21
     A new Islam means that the Islam that the Riser/Qaim brings shall be almost entirely di erent
than the Islam that Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) came with and the Islam that is currently
practiced today. Essentially, it is a new religion. Al-Hassan ibn Harun said: “I was at Aba Abdillah’s
house (PBUH) when he was asked, ‘Shall the Qaim, when he rises, do diﬀerently than the way that
Ali (PBUH) did?’ So he responded: ‘Yes.’ ”22 Imam Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace) said: “The Qaim
shall not emerge until he reads two declarations, one in Al-Basra, and another declaration in Kufa,
both declaring innocence from Ali (PBUH).”23 Other traditions from the Imams (From Them is
Peace) have said: “And the companion of this matter shall not accept the Jizya (taxing the
non-Muslim citizens of the country) as the Prophet of Allah (PBUH & His Family) did.”24
     In the remainder of this Door, we will provide examples of formal religious structures that will
be completely uprooted and destroyed because they have become deeply associated with falsehood,
deviation, and quite frankly idolatry. Examples of these structures include mosques and
mausoleums, the lunar calendar, and mandatory head covering for women (hijab), among other
things. As you consider each one, it is important to think critically about how each of these
practices came to be and why the Riser/Qaim needs to take the axe to them like Abraham (PBUH).


                         The Destruction of the Mosques and Mausoleums


The list of heretical acts in the eyes of the Muslims does not stop there, the Riser/Qaim shall
command that the mosques and mausoleums of the Muslims all be demolished. Abi Ja’far (From
Him is Peace) said: “If the Qaim rises, he shall go towards Kufa and demolish four mosques there,
and there shall not remain a single mosque on the face of the earth except that he demolishes it.”25 Aba
Abdillah (From Him is Peace) said: “Fear O Arabs, for verily I have bad news for them, there shall
not emerge from them with the Qaim one.”26 It will appear to the people that the Qaim/Riser is
trying to erase the religion of Islam. Aba Abdillah (From Him is Peace) said: “If the Qaim rises, he
21
   Kitab Al-Ghayba (Book of Occultation), Al-Numani, Vol. 1, p. 236
22
   Mo’jam Ahadeeth Imam Al-Mahdi (AS), Al-Shaikh Ali Al-Korani, Vol. 4, p. 38
23
   Kitab Al-Ghayba (Book of Occultation), Al-Numani, Vol. 1, p. 319
24
   Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 52, p. 345
25
   Al-Irshad, Al-Shaikh Al-Mu d, Vol. 2, p. 385
26
   Ghaybat Al-Tusi, Al-Shaikh Al-Tusi, Vol. 1, p. 496


                                                      113
                                               The Goal of the Wise


demolishes the Masjid Al-Haram (the mosque complex of Mecca that surrounds and encompasses the
Kaaba), until he returns it to its origin and moves the Maqam to the place that it was really at, and
he cuts oﬀ the hands of the Bani-Sheyba and hangs it on the door of the Kaaba and writes on it: These
are the thieves of the Kaaba.”27
      Not only does the Qaim/Riser destroy the Kaaba itself and the ‘Grand Mosque of Mecca’, he
also heads to Medina to destroy the Mosque and grave of the Prophet of Allah (PBUH & His
Family). Aba Abdillah (From Him is Peace) said: “If the Riser/Qaim approaches the wall on the tomb
intending to break it, God will then send extreme winds and lightning and thunder until the people
say, ‘Verily this is because of that’ and his companions will run away from him until there does not
remain with him a single person. The Riser/Qaim will then take the axe, and he is the ﬁrst one to
strike with the axe, and when his companions see him striking with the axe, they run back to him and
their rank that day will be determined by how fast they run back to him.”28


                                            The Reality of the Kaaba


      Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said, “The house of the Kaaba that people know is
not the real Kaaba, the real Kaaba has been completely destroyed. There used to be in Mecca
twenty-two Kaabas. There were also Kaabas in Jordan, Iraq, Sudan, and Egypt. Every large tribe
would build a Kaaba that their people would make a pilgrimage to.”
      I asked the Imam (From Him is Peace), “What is this current Kaaba then?”
      Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said, “[This current Kaaba that everyone knows]
belongs to Quraysh but this is not even its real place. The original Kaaba of Quraysh was demolished
and this is a new Kaaba that they recently built.”
      I asked, “So where is the real Kaaba of God?”
      Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said, “Do you mean the true Kaaba, the one that
Abraham (PBUH) built?”
      I said, “Yes, and the one that Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) circled.”
      Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said, “The truth is that Abraham (PBUH) didn’t
actually build the Kaaba, but rather he reconstructed it, but now there is no longer a trace of it. As for
Mohammed (PBUH & His Family), he circled a diﬀerent Kaaba that belonged to his tribe, the Bani
Hashem. That one too has been completely destroyed.”
      I asked, “Was the one that belonged to Bani Hashem in the same place as the current one that
belongs to Quraysh?”




27
     Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 52, p. 338
28
     Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 52, p. 386


                                                              114
                The Seventh Covenant with Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace)


      Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said, “No, the real Kaaba is located in Al-Sham
(Levant) and not in Al-Hijaz and particularly in Jordan. Most of our entire history is a lie, son. Most
of it has been forged.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) further clari ed that the exact location of the true original
Kaaba is Petra, Jordan.


                                  The Abolishment of the Lunar Calendar


      One day someone asked Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “Is it permissible for a
believer in your Call to go do pilgrimage under the rule of the family of Saud?”
      Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace ) replied, “Instead of going to do pilgrimage (Hajj)
you should go and give the money you would be spending on Hajj to the poor people that are dying of
starvation around the world. I swear by God that would equate with God a hundred thousand
pilgrimages.”
      So the man said, “God commands me to go do Hajj and the Imam commands me to give charity,
who shall I believe?”
      Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) responded, “You asked me and I have answered
and you are free my son. I would like to increase you with another piece of information that perhaps
you shall ﬁnd to be strange. This time and this month is not even the month of Hajj, I mean we are not
even in the season of Hajj, and the Kaaba which you know is not even the one that is called ‘The Holy
Sanctuary of God.’ I know perhaps many people shall call me a disbeliever, but that is not important,
what is important is that I deliver the truth to those who are seeking the truth.”
      In the Holy Qur’an it says: “For the accustomed security of the Quraysh, Their accustomed security
[in] the caravan of winter and summer, Let them worship the Lord of this House, Who has fed them,
[saving them] from hunger and made them safe, [saving them] from fear.”29 With the passing of
time, people have misinterpreted the meaning of the verses and the scholars who speak without
knowledge have said that the journeys of Quraysh must have been for trading. In reality, this is
nonsensical, as traders travel whenever there is business and they don’t base their travel on the
seasons of the year. The verse also says: “Let them worship the Lord of this House” which means that
the purpose of the summer and winter journeys of Quraysh was a religious one. The summer
journeys were for the lesser pilgrimage (Umrah) and the winter ones were for the greater pilgrimage
(Hajj).
      The so-called lunar calendar or Hijri calendar which the Muslims use today originally used to be
a solar calendar. Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) pointed out that the very names of
the Hijri lunar calendar months indicate that they were actually named for solar months. For
example, the year began in spring – the month of March – when life would return to the Earth and

29
     The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 106 (Quraish), Verses 1-4


                                                          115
                                               The Goal of the Wise


the land would become green. In the Arab calendar, this month was called “Rabi Al-Awal,” which
means “First Spring,” until this very day. After it came “Rabi Al-Thani,” or “Second Spring.”
Clearly, a month called spring must arrive in the spring, not in the winter or summer or fall, the
way it does today, especially when they relied on this month to pasture their animals. Had the
months moved around, they would take their animals out to pasture in the wrong season and nd
no food to feed their ocks.
      If indeed the Hijri months were originally solar months, it would mean that for over one
thousand years the Muslim nation has been fasting in times other than Ramadan and making
Pilgrimage or Hajj in times other than its decreed season. In fact, the traditions of Mohammed and
the Family of Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) have stated that from the signs of the appearance
of Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family) is the people fasting in other than Ramadan and breaking
fast in Ramadan:
      Al-Asbagh ibn Nabata narrated that the Prince of the Believers Ali ibn Abi Talib (From Him is
Peace) said: “…When this time comes, the crescents increase in size one time until the crescent of two
nights is seen, and they disappear another time until the people break fast at the beginning of
Ramadan, and they fast at the end of Eid.”30 Imam Al-Jawad (From Him is Peace) was asked: “May
I be your ransom, what do you say about fasting? It was said that they are not given success to fasting.”
So he said: “Indeed the prayer of the angel against them was answered.” So I said: “And how is that,
may I be your ransom?” He said: “The people when they killed Al-Hussein (May God’s prayers be upon
him) God the Exalted commanded an angel to call: ‘O oppressive nation that has killed the
descendants of its Messenger, may God not give you success neither to fasting nor to breaking fast.’ ”31
      Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) has revealed that the following is the correct
Islamic calendar and that it is a solar calendar. The correct correspondence of the months is as
follows:


Gregorian Months                  Hijri Months

January                           Jamadi the First

February                          Jamadi the Last

March                             Rabi the First

April                             Rabi the Second

May                               Safar

June                              Muharram

30
     Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 93, p. 304
31
     Al-Kaﬁ, Al-Shaikh Al-Kulayni, Vol. 4, p. 169


                                                              116
            The Seventh Covenant with Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace)



July                        Shawwal

August                      Dhu Al-Qadah

September                   Dhu Al-Hijjah

October                     Sha’ban

November                    Rajab

December                    Ramadan


                              The Fasting of the Month of Ramadan


Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) revealed that the true Ramadan is in the month of
December and now it is obligatory upon the people to fast the true month of Ramadan in
December.
   Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said, “The fasting of Allah is in the following
manner: A person should fast from all meats and fruits and everything produced from them (for the
entire month). A person should also refrain from any type of intercourse (for the entire month). The
breaking of fast (at sunset) shall be with only two types of food, bread and one other type only. And the
person can change from day to day the second item of food as they please.”
   I asked, “So a person would begin fasting at dawn and break fast at dusk and shall only break fast
with bread and one other food item other than meat and fruits, for example, bread and rice?”
   Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) replied, “Exactly. Yes. The people are joyful and
consider that they are fasting while they sit at a table ﬁlled with every tasteful and delicious type of
food. What kind of fasting is that? What I have told you now is only a part of the true fast, let the
people await the coming of the true month of Ramadan and its rituals.”


                    The Abolition of the Head Veil (Hijab) as an Obligation


   Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said to me one day, “After you ﬁnish your work,
have some of the women remove their veils. Do not command anyone to, whoever wants to remove their
veil can do so.”
   I said, “Good then, as long as it is not part of your jurisprudence, what is the need for it?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “No, it is not and it shall not ever be either, the veil has
become a sunnah (tradition, custom) just as Abdul-Muttalib introduced matters which became
sunnah and then it took root in Islam and became a practice.”



                                                    117
                                              The Goal of the Wise


So in the Seventh Covenant, the wearing of a head veil or hijab by women is not obligatory but
rather it is only a sunnah. We do not encourage wearing it, nor do we forbid it. Each person is free
to wear it or not to wear it, for it was never a divine obligation from God Almighty, but rather it
was a sunnah, just as brushing teeth with a miswak was a sunnah or sleeping while upon Wudu’.
The sunnah of Hijab was not even one that was introduced by Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His
Family) but rather it was originally introduced by Abdul-Muttalib (PBUH). Indeed, there were
members of the Holy Household who wore the veil. Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace)
said: “Fatimah Al-Zahra (PBUH) was veiled from head to toe.” Even with that being the case, we do
not take a sunnah as a divine command and make it obligatory. Those times di ered from these
times. What might have been necessary then is not now.


                                     The Restoration of the True Prayer


      I asked Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) one day, “You are the companion of the
Seventh and everlasting Covenant which shall last forever and until the ﬁnal day of humanity, every
time there was a new Covenant the jurisprudence would change, so is the Mohammedan prayer null
and void?”
      Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said, “Do you mean by ‘prayer’ the bowing and
prostrating in the way that it is practiced today?”
      I said, “Yes.”
      He (From Him is Peace) said, “Son, prayer is prostration to the Messengers and Prophets and
Imams in their time. Prostration of the heart. Prayer is duaa.”32
      In clarifying what prayer (duaa) is, Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said, “God
has no need for someone to recite words that were written or memorized, but rather if you want to pray
to God speak to him from your heart and do not look for written words.”
Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) also said on the evolution of prayer throughout
time, “Since the time of Adam (PBUH) until today, prayer has been physical prostration in addition
to prostration of the heart (submission of the heart). This is the correct prayer.”
      It is true, for we see images drawn in ancient Egyptian tombs of Egyptians prostrating in
worship. We see the Jews prostrating in their prayers. We see Christians in Ethiopia and other
countries prostrating during their prayers. Almost every religion on the planet has a mentioning of
prostration in their rituals or books.
      When asked about the ve prayers, the pre-dawn (Fajr), the noon (Dhuhr), the afternoon (Asr),
the sunset (Maghrib), and the night prayer (Isha), the Imam (From Him is Peace) clari ed that the
true meaning of the ve prayers is the Guardianship (Wilayah) of the Mahdis:



32
     Duaa in Arabic means a supplication to ask God for something.


                                                         118
             The Seventh Covenant with Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace)


     1.   Fajr is Imam Mohammed ibn Al-Hassan Al-Mahdi (PBUH & His Family), who at the
          beginning of his Wilayah it is dark and then with his emergence, it becomes light, he is the
          break of dawn and the transition from a world of darkness to a world of light.


     2.   Dhuhr is the Wilayah of Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), who during his
          Wilayah the world is lled with light and enlightenment, justice and equity, peace and
          prosperity.


     3.   Asr is the Wilayah of the Second Mahdi, Joseph of the Family of Mohammed, Aba Al-Sadiq
          Abdullah Hashem, and during his Wilayah it is similar to the Wilayah of Ahmed Al-Hassan
          (From Him is Peace).


     4.   Maghrib is the Wilayah of the Third Mahdi (PBUH), and during his time things begin to
          become darker again and some problems arise.


     5.   Isha prayer is the Wilayah of the Fourth Mahdi (PBUH), and in his time things become
          more dark in the world.


To pray the ve prayers is to uphold your belief in, pledge of allegiance, and duties towards Imam
Mahdi (PBUH & His Family), Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), and the Second,
Third, and Fourth Mahdis (PBUT). After them, the cycle restarts again, with Fajr being the Fifth
Mahdi, Dhuhr the Sixth, Asr the Seventh, Maghrib the Eighth, Isha the Ninth, and as such forever.
     Imam Ali (From Him is Peace) and the twelve Imams (From Them is Peace) have long tried to
tell us that true prayer is not anything but the Wilayah of those Messengers of God, meaning the
Mahdis. Abi Ja’far (From Him is Peace) said: “Whoever did not know what prayer is has denied our
rights.”33 He also said: “ ‘O believers! When the call to prayer is made on Friday,’ [meaning] from
this day that God gathered you in, and prayer is the Prince of the Believers (PBUH) for God means by
prayer the Wilayah and it is the Greater Wilayah.”34 Aba Abdillah (From Him is Peace) said: “O
Dawud, we are the prayer in the book of Allah, and we are the zakat and we are the fasting and we
are the Hajj and we are the holy months and we are the holy land and we are the Kaaba of Allah and
we are His qibla and we are the face of Allah.”35 And the Prince of the Believers (From Him is Peace)
said: “Whoever comes to prayer knowing its reality shall be forgiven.”36




33
   Al-Kaﬁ, Al-Shaikh Al-Kulayni, Vol. 2, p. 598
34
   Al-Ikhtisas, Al-Shaikh Al Mu d, p.129
35
   Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 24, p. 303
36
   Mizan Al-Hikmah (Scale of Wisdom), Mohammed Al-Reyshahri, Vol. 2, p. 1628


                                                    119
                                              The Goal of the Wise


                                           Loans and Interest (Riba)


      I asked Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) one day about interest on loans (Riba) to
which he replied, “Riba is not allowed at all. It is extremely ugly.”
      I said, “What about with disbelievers and Nasibis (those who hate the Ahlul-Bayt) for example?”
      Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said, “Give me your example.”
      I said, “Loan sharks in America for example who give loans to people who are unable to get loans
from banks due to their poor credit.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) replied, “No, it is not permissible, because they do not know the
amount of harm which Riba causes, it strikes descendants until the tenth generation, it will be in the
necks of the sons.”
      I said, “Does that mean the sons until the tenth generation will owe back all the interest that was
taken by their forefather?”
      Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes.”
      One day Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) was asked, “Is a mortgage with interest
(even low interest like 1%) permissible if it is not possible to purchase a house with cash? Or must a
believer keep renting and hope that one day they can buy in cash (even the housing market keeps going
up and making that seem less real)?”
      Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) replied, “Mortgage is not permissible and it is
haram (impermissible), and if you believed that Allah the Exalted is the One who sustains and that
He is the Compassionate and the Intensely Merciful, you would have not said that and you would
have had two houses instead of one. I ask God to sustain you and make you well in your religion and
in your world and in your hereafter, verily, He is the All-Hearing, All-Knowing.”


                                              Capital Punishment


The Riser/Qaim in the Seventh Covenant reveals corruptions in the Qur’an and the holy books
and restores the truth in them. He abolishes certain medieval practices such as cutting o the hands
of the thief in Islam. This archaic practice has nothing to do with the divine laws of God. In fact, it
is contradictory to the Holy Qur’an. For in the Qur’an God says: “O my Servants who have
transgressed against their souls! Despair not of the Mercy of Allah: for Allah forgives all sins: for He is
Oft-Forgiving, Most Merciful.”37 This verse, that God forgives all sins means naturally that He gives
people a second chance. How can someone who stole have a second chance if he no longer has a
hand? This is not forgiveness. Rather, cutting o              the hand of someone is the opposite of
forgiveness, it is total and complete conviction.



37
     The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 39 (Al-Zumar), Verse 53


                                                        120
             The Seventh Covenant with Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace)


Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) has stated that the verse in the Holy Qur’an which
says: “And the male thief and the female thief: then cut (oﬀ) the hands of both, as a recompense for
what they (both) have earned, as a torture from Allah; and Allah is Ever-Mighty, Ever-Wise”38 is
corrupted and changed by humans throughout time. The word “cut o ” was originally “stain”
their hands. Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) would stain the hands with a coloring
substance that was made from a certain plant that used to be extremely hard to wash o . The
public shaming of the thief in this way deterred people from stealing because no one wanted to
walk around with a colored hand that signaled their crime.


                                          Drinking Wine & Alcohol


The drinking of wine (sharab) is permissible in the Seventh Covenant as it was in
pre-Mohammedan Covenants. It was made forbidden in the Sixth Covenant for the general public
because of the extreme drunkenness and debauchery of the Arabs at that time. It was never
intended to be an eternal prohibition. Nevertheless, it is a drink that is mentioned in the Holy
Qur’an as being in paradise a reward for those who enter it: “(Here is) a description of the paradise
that is promised for the God-fearing! In it there are rivers of water, never spoiling, and rivers of milk
the taste of which would not go bad, and rivers of wine, delicious to the drinkers, and rivers of honey,
fully puriﬁed.”39 Would God put something impure in paradise? Since God does not put impure
things in paradise, it must be pure.
     One day I asked Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “Mani had written that the
juice of fruits is water with light in it and that water alone is just matter with no light. And it is also
mentioned in some of the traditions of the Ahlul-Bayt that they refer to wine as Abdul-Noor and wine
is from fruits. Is it true that wine has light in it?”
     The Imam (From Him is Peace) replied, “Yes son, that is true.”
     We provide the following narration about the “Ritual of the Cup” as further evidence that the
use of wine as a means for fostering spiritual ecstasy and fellowship was permissible amongst the
close and completed believers. Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) established this ritual
amongst the Ahlul-Bayt and close companions. There are qur’anic references to rivers of wine. This
practice was clearly not meant for the general public. Imam Ja’far Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace)
prohibited it for the “common libertines” and “imposed yoke and chains for them.” This is a
well-known tradition amongst Gnostic, mystical, and academic circles.40
     Abdullah Al-Barqi reports the words of Al-Bythura’i: Mohammed ibn Sinan told me the
following, which he heard from Abu Harun the blind...who told him:


38
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 5 (Al-Ma’idah), Verse 38
39
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 47 (Mohammed), Verse 15
40
   A Shi’ite Liturgy of the Grail, Henry Corbin, pp. 194-204


                                                          121
                                 The Goal of the Wise


I had gone to visit Mohammed ibn Abi Zaynab (Abu’l-Khattab), the father of good
people and good things, may he be revered! Seventy men were present, the elect among
his followers, come from diﬀerent countries. Among them was Musa ibn Ashyam
(later to be) a martyr (shahid) and the Mohammed ibn Abi Bakr of his time. There
was lengthy discourse among them. Finally, Abu’l-Khattab said to them: “O
companions! Do you desire the drink?” We said: “And what drink?” Abu’l-Khattab
said: “The drink [wine] of the Malakut (sharab Al-Malakut).” We said: “You have
nourished us through your knowledge of the Malakut; now give us to drink our ﬁll of
its brew.” Abu’l-Khattab said: “The wine of the Malakut is for you; the wine of the
gates of Hell [Balhut] is for others.” We asked: “And what is the wine of the Balhut?”
Abu’l-Khattab said: “The blood of Iblis [Ahriman], may God condemn him! But the
drink [wine] of the Malakut is the pure beverage which God has described as the drink
of his friends [li-awliya’ih] in paradise.” [And Abu’l-Khattab recites the Qur’anic
verse 47:15] “Rivers of wine, and delights for those who drink of it.” “Therefore, drink
of it in perfect knowledge and in total truth.” We said: “Then give us to drink our ﬁll,
in perfect knowledge and in total truth.” Then he called out: “O young girl!” She
quickly arrived, and he told her: “Bring the drink for the bodies of earthly men.” She
brought a wineskin ﬁlled with a brilliant radiance, and a cup which shone with the
golden light of dawn. Then he said: “It is with this that God gratiﬁes his friends.”
Then he set the cup down and recited: “You shall feel neither intoxication nor headache
from it.” [cf. Qur’an 56:19: “A drink which causes neither excess nor intoxication.”]
Then Abu’l-Khattab said to Musa ibn Ashyam: “Begin! Let your brothers drink their
ﬁll. And when the drink has passed to all, then by this cup you hold in your hand, your
bodies shall be ﬁlled for all the periods and cycles to come. For you belong to the holy of
holies [quds al-muqaddasin] and you were of the Bahmanians among the number of
the most excellent and noble of them. I have displayed the world for them, and ﬁlled
them with its delights. I fulﬁll you with its magniﬁcence, and by my power, I give you
what I have given no other.” Musa ibn Ashyam stood up and said: “O my lord! From
your hand, give me a drink which shall satisfy the thirst of him who drinks his ﬁll of
it, throughout the centuries of centuries and the eternity of eternities.” [Abu Harun the
blind] thus continues his recital: Then Abu’l Khattab poured the wine into the cup. He
presented the cup to Musa, and Musa drank from it until he was satisﬁed. Abu’l
Khattab then told him: “Now give the cup to your brother, Abu Isma’il.” He then
drank until his own thirst was satisﬁed, without any decrease in the contents of the cup.
All thus drank their ﬁll in turn. Finally, having circulated among all present, the cup
returned exactly as full as it was at the beginning, then Abu’l-Khattab held the cup up,
moving it around in a circle. As he traced out the form of the circle, we regarded it
intently; then the cup lifted up, rising little by little, ﬂoating in space, until it came to


                                            122
   The Seventh Covenant with Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace)


its resting place. At this moment, we beheld the Lord (Al-Sayyid, the Imam Ja’far),
looking upon us from the heights of this space. He was underneath a red dome, as built
from a unique pearl, whose light shone from the East to the West. The air was ﬁlled
with a perfume of musk. The lord-companion Imam Ja’far, giver of our salvation,
then proclaimed his secret: “O Mohammed (ibn Abi Zaynab, Abu’l Khattab), I
quench the thirst of my faithful adepts, the pure, the noble, the just, with this drink
which I have forbidden to common libertines. I have oﬀered it to my faithful who are
present in this world and in the other world. But to the common libertines I have
imposed yoke and chains, and have sent them into the desert of those who lose their
way.” As for us, we were rapt in contemplation of the Beauty and Light which radiated
from the dome. Then my lord [the Imam] spoke to us again: “I have chosen you, I have
attracted you to me, and you have come near by remaining with my Friends. If it had
been otherwise, your eyes would have been torn out by the power of this Light, and you
would have fainted in terror upon hearing this voice. But I have made it so that this is
an honor for you and a disgrace for your adversaries. Therefore, welcome this in
recognition, for today is the day of surplus.” And the Imam recited this verse [Qur’an
10:26]: “To those who have done good, the most beautiful of rewards, and even with a
surplus. No dust nor humiliation shall cover their faces. For they are the hosts of
paradise, where they shall dwell immortal.” At this moment the cup began to
re-descend towards us. But this time it was empty, with not a drop remaining. Then
Abu’l Khattab said to his companions: “Behold, this cup has circulated through the
temples of all the non-Arabs, throughout all the seven periods of the world. All of them
are your brothers in faith and in gnosis [or your brothers, the gnostic believers]. You
have drunk with them from this cup, for you are of the number of their Nobles. And I
have given you to drink your ﬁll of this beverage today, just as I gave you to drink of it
in the times which came before.” Then Abu’l-Khattab took the cup, ﬁlled it again, and
gave it to Musa ibn Ashyam, telling him: “May God give you life, O friend of the
Merciful!” And Abraham, Friend of the Merciful, took the cup in his hands and
drank from it. Then the lord [Abu’l-Khattab] said: “May God’s drink bring great
good unto you. By my life! Through this drink, you have tasted the knowledge of the
Malakut, the knowledge of that which was in the ﬁrst of the centuries, and is
throughout all the ages and cycles of the world. Henceforth, you can speak any
language. Having tasted of this drink, you know the language of the birds (mantiq
al-tayr), and the language of all that breathes upon the surface of the earth.”
Afterward, Musa ibn Ashyam said: “I bear witness to Him who created me in
harmony! After drinking from this cup, there remained no being nor anything,
neither on earth nor in heaven, nor anywhere in between, whose language remained
hidden to me.” Then Abu’l-Khattab had each of us partake of the beverage, and he


                                           123
                                The Goal of the Wise


told us: “Today you are in the house of surplus. Speak then, and I shall listen.
Supplicate, pray, and welcome any appeals.” We said: “May this drink be allowable
for our absent friends, even as you have allowed it for us.” Abu’l-Khattab said: “This
wine is allowed for your brothers, when they are in the company of brothers in faith
and in gnosis. But this wine is forbidden to you and to them, when in the company of
any but your brothers. For God has requited your act of drinking your ﬁll and
nourishing yourselves with this beverage, by removing the four basic polluted Natures
from you, those which are the cause of blame. Do you know by what grace you have
attained this eminent rank, this sublime and noble degree?” We said: “By what grace
have we then attained it?” Abu’l-Khattab said: “God is thanking you for a certain act
in yourselves, and is rewarding it.” We said: “And what is this act?” Abu’l-Khattab
said: “Imagine that one of you had just gone to bed. Having just placed his head upon
his pillow, the thought comes to him of one of his brothers who is weaker, and who has
been left behind in regards to food, drink, clothing, and does not even possess a mount.
This makes him rise from his bed in consternation, so anxious that he goes straight to
this brother, and puts his aﬀairs in order as if they were his own. Well, it is by this
manner of action that you have been raised to this high degree and eminent rank.”
Musa ibn Ashyam said: “Glory to God! How sublime is the spiritual virtue of this
action, both inwardly and outwardly (zahiran wa batinan, exoterically and
esoterically).” Abu’l-Khattab said: “This is the cup of Tahmuras. He was the Emir of
the Bees under the ﬁrst Bahmanian dome. It was he who presented the cup to Bahman
- and Bahman is the most sacred of names (al-ism al-muqaddas). Bahman passed the
cup to Hormoz, and I was Hormoz, whom Bahman bade drink from the cup. I was
thereupon ﬁlled with knowledge, wisdom and intelligence. This is why I desired that
you ﬁnd solace in this cup. Indeed, what is it that shields the eﬀorts of believers to
console each other from the vanities of Iblis? They refrain from these vanities with their
spiritual brothers, yet they heap them upon their own ﬂesh and blood. Surely they will
suﬀer painful punishment in the other world. For it is this, or something equivalent to
it, that produces rebirth (takrir, returning) in this world.” We said: “Why is this
beginning-again in earthly bodies necessary?” Abu’l-Khattab said: “Because one falls
short of one’s task (taqsir). Rebirth is for those who never succeed in purifying
themselves in the course of these returnings. They know full well that it is because of
their lack of love for one another that they must undergo punishment. In spite of this,
they waste their lives, realizing nothing. This is why their beginning-again will go on
for a long time.” Musa ibn Ashyam said: “In even a single part of this process, there is
something which will suﬃce for anyone who is not a hypocrite. Blessed are the gnostics
faithful to God, both for themselves and for their fellows. ‘Blessed are they! A
magniﬁcent refuge is prepared for them.’ ” [Qur’an 13:29] Abu’l-Khattab said: “Do


                                           124
               The Seventh Covenant with Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace)


           you know what is meant by a magniﬁcent refuge?” We said: “No!” Abu’l-Khattab
           said: “It is the faithful believer’s store of good deeds; it belongs to him by virtue of his
           achievement of the totality of his desire, while remaining within the bounds of purity.
           Therefore, stand up now! You are people who walk on the path of goodness, as the
           beloved of God. I ask God to assemble you all together in the place where He loves.” Abu
           Harun now concluded: “Then the companions parted in happiness and lightness of
           heart. Never have I seen such a gathering of such beauty and light as in this assembly.
           We were brought together by the grace of God, which had descended upon us along with
           his benevolence. This is what our Lord (Sayyid-na) Abu’l-Khattab has brought about
           especially for us, during the ceremony of the Cup, with the grace that it brings. Glory be
           to God, Lord of the worlds. This recital is at an end.” 41


The Seventh Covenant will undoubtedly be di cult upon the Muslim nation, particularly the
Arabs and Persians. All of the formal pillars and structures of what they have taken to be God-given
truths (e.g., Kaaba in Mecca, lunar calendar, ritual prayer, etc.) will have to be destroyed and built
anew. This literally has to happen in order for the idolatry and impurities of 1,400 years to be
exposed. The Arab and Muslim nation broke the Covenant when they oppressed Imam Ali (From
Him is Peace) and his successors and chose to make their own religion. Uprooting the structures of
falsehood in this way is no di erent from what the previous Covenant Prophets (PBUT) did.
Except now, it will be on a much bigger scale and the full truth will be impossible to hide. These
revelations are the ful llment of numerous prophecies and the anticipated apocalypse that was
promised to occur in the end of days. Since the majority of these structures have been built on the
blood of the Ahlul-Bayt (From Them is Peace) and the rightful inheritors of the Adamites, the
Riser/Qaim from the Family of Mohammed (From Them is Peace) has come to obliterate any
remnants of misguidance, be it physical or psychological. The houses of worship that have become
houses of misguidance, idolatry, and hypocrisy must be destroyed and a new foundation must be
built. Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) said: “Islam began as something strange and it
will return to being strange, so blessed are the strangers.”42 If you have found the revelations of the
Seventh Covenant thus far to be strange, then congratulations, you are amongst the blessed.
      There are many more changes to come in the jurisprudence of the Seventh Covenant and some
of that will be revealed here over the course of the remainder of the Book as we explore various
topics and where it shall be appropriate to reveal. Other parts of the jurisprudence shall be revealed
at a later time. For the remainder of the Book, we shall deal with the beliefs, knowledge, and
jurisprudence of the Seventh Covenant divided over the remaining Doors.



41
     Risalat Al-Shaikh Mahmud Biumrih ibn Al-Hussain Al-Nusairi, R.Strothmann, pp. 4-6
42
     Sunan Ibn Majah, Ibn Majah, Book of Tribulations, Hadith No. 3986


                                                       125
The Goal of the Wise




        126
        Door Number Eight


  The Celestial Bodies




    “[Jesus] answered and said,
‘Your star has led you astray, Judas.’”
                                           The Goal of the Wise


                  ver since the dawn of man, the children of Adam have always looked towards the
                  sky and admired the stars. They have paid attention to the movement of the planets
                  and the stars, mapped out the di erent constellations, and drew connections
                  between the movements of the lights in the skies and the events on Earth. Even
modern science has taught us that the full moon has an e ect on the tides and on animal behavior.
The people of old built temples dedicated to the stars and planets, and even built their cities to
mimic their appearance in the night skies. In Door One of this Book, Eve (PBUH), while
distressed, looked up to the sky and saw two lights and called upon them to inform Adam (PBUH)
of her situation. It seems the angels appeared to Eve in the form of stars.
    In the manuscript, Al-Haft Al-Shareef, Al-Mufaddel ibn Omar asked Imam Ja’far Al-Sadiq
(From Him is Peace): “And what about the piercing stars that we see between the sky and the earth,
spread out and hanging?” Imam Al-Sadiq replied: “Those are the light bodies that were made for the
believers from their works. As such in the sky of bodies a sun and moon, seen by the ones unlike them in
the manner which you see them, the honored light bodies. And in every sky of these seven Adamites is
an Adam standing, ﬁxed, on the same example of what Allah created of the ﬁrst creation. And they
have ranks in the skies, sky by sky, in accordance with their rank and degree.”1 So, here we nd
Al-Mufaddel asking what are the stars and planets that we see shining in the sky, and Imam
Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace) revealing that those objects in the night sky are actually the believers.
    In the Gospel of Judas, it states: “Jesus said to them, “Stop struggling against me. Each one of you
has his own star, [and …] of the stars will […] what belongs to it […]. I wasn’t sent to the corruptible
generation, but to the strong and incorruptible generation, because no enemy has ruled [over] that
generation, nor any of the stars. Truly I say to you, the pillar of ﬁre will fall quickly and that
generation won’t be moved by the stars.”2
    In a conversation between Jesus (PBUH) and Judas in the same manuscript, it states: “[Jesus]
answered and said, “Your star has led you astray, Judas,” and that “no person of mortal birth is
worthy to enter the house you’ve seen, because that place is reserved for those who are holy. Neither the
sun nor the moon will rule there, nor the day, but those who are holy will always stand in the realm
with the holy angels. Look, I’ve told you the mysteries of the kingdom and I’ve taught you about the
error of the stars and […] sent [on high] over the twelve realms.”3
    In another part it states: “Jesus said, “Truly I say to you, the stars complete all these things. When
Saklas completes the time span that’s been determined for him, their ﬁrst star will appear with the
generations, and they’ll ﬁnish what’s been said. Then they’ll sleep around in my name, murder their
children, and [they’ll …] evil and […] the realms, bringing the generations and presenting them to
Saklas. [And] after that […] will bring the twelve tribes of [Israel] from […], and the [generations]
will all serve Saklas, sinning in my name. And your star will [rule] over the thirteenth realm.” Then

1
  Al-Haft Al-Shareef, Al-Mufaddel ibn Omar Al-Jo , Door 30, p.50
2
  Gospel of Judas, Passage 42
3
  Gospel of Judas, Passages 45-46


                                                      128
                                        The celestial bodies


Jesus [laughed]. [Judas] said, “Master, why [are you laughing at me]?” Jesus answered [and said],
“I’m not laughing [at you but] at the error of the stars, because these six stars go astray with these ﬁve
warriors, and they’ll all be destroyed along with their creations.” Then Judas said to Jesus, “What will
those do who’ve been baptized in your name?” Jesus said, “Truly I say [to you], this baptism [which
they’ve received in] my name […] will destroy the whole generation of the earthly Adam. Tomorrow
they’ll torture the one who bears me. Truly I [say] to you, no hand of a mortal human [will fall] upon
me. Truly [I say] to you, Judas, those who oﬀer sacriﬁces to Saklas […] everything that’s evil. But you’ll
do more than all of them, because you’ll sacriﬁce the human who bears me. Your horn has already been
raised, your anger has been kindled, your star has ascended, and your heart has [strayed]. Truly [I say
to you], your last [… and] the [… the thrones] of the realm have [been defeated], the kings have grown
weak, the angelic generations have grieved, and the evil [they sowed …] is destroyed, [and] the [ruler]
is wiped out. [And] then the [fruit] of the great generation of Adam will be exalted, because before
heaven, earth, and the angels, that generation from the realms exists. Look, you’ve been told everything.
Lift up your eyes and see the cloud with the light in it and the stars around it. And the star that leads
the way is your star.”4
    Clearly, Jesus (PBUH) says that every person who has a soul has a star and that the stars of the
people can be seen plainly in the sky. He also indicates that the stars have an e ect on people on
Earth, hence he told Judas: “Your star has ascended, and your heart has strayed.” The traditions of
the Family of Mohammed (From Them is Peace) also mentioned that the origin of astrology and
astronomy were the Prophets, speci cally Idris (Enoch). They have also mentioned that this science
was used to know the birthdates and death dates of humans.
    Mohammed ibn Ghanim narrated that he said to Abi Abdillah (PBUH): “We have a people who
say that stars are more true than visions,” So he (PBUH) said: “This was true before the sun returned
for Joshua son of Nun and Ali the Prince of the Believers, so when God returned the sun, astrologers
have become confused, some of them get it right, others get it wrong.”5
    Abi Abdillah (PBUH) was asked about astrology, so he said: “No one knows it except the people of
a house from the Arabs, and the people of a house in India. And some astrologers told me that the ones
who know the stars in India are the children of Enoch’s vicegerent (PBUH).”6
    In Bihar Al-Anwar we nd: “It was found in an ancient book on the authority of Atta who said:
“It was said to Ali ibn Abi Talib (PBUH): Did the stars have an origin?” He said: “Yes, a Prophet
from among the Prophets, his people said to him: ‘We do not believe in you until you teach us the births
and deaths of creation.’ So, God Almighty commanded a cloud, so it rained for them, and clear water
swamped around the mountain. Then God Almighty revealed to the sun, the moon, and the stars to
run in that water, then God Almighty inspired that Prophet to ascend, he and his people, the
mountain, so they ascended the mountain and stood over the water until they knew the births of

4
  Gospel of Judas, Passages 54-57
5
  Faraj Al-Mahmum, Ibn Tawus, p. 87
6
  Faraj Al-Mahmum, Ibn Tawus, p. 87


                                                   129
                                               The Goal of the Wise


creation and its deaths with the course of the sun, the moon and the stars and the hours of the night
and day, and one of them would know when he would die and when he would fall sick, and who
would have children born for him and who would not, so they remained like that for a while, then
David (PBUH) fought them on the basis of disbelief, so they brought forth to David in the ﬁght those
whose time of death had not come yet, and those whose time of death had come they left them in their
homes, so the companions of David (PBUH) would get killed but none of them would get killed!
David (PBUH) said: ‘My Lord, I ﬁght for your obedience, and these ﬁght for your disobedience. My
companions get killed but none of them gets killed.’ So God revealed to him: ‘I had taught them the
births of creation and their deaths, so they brought out to you those whose time of death has not come
yet, and those whose time of death has come they left behind in their homes, hence your companions
would be killed, but none of them would be killed.’ So David (PBUH) said: ‘O Lord, by what did you
teach them?’ He said: ‘By the course of the sun, the moon, the stars, and the hours of the night and the
day.’ He said: “Then David called upon God, the Exalted, the Majestic, and He withheld the sun
from them, so the day increased, and the increase was mixed with night and day, so they did not know
the amount of the increase, so their calculations got mixed up.” Ali (PBUH) said: “From then on
looking into the knowledge of the stars was hated.”7
      In Bihar Al-Anwar it states that the births of Abraham, Moses, Jesus, and Mohammed (PBUT)
were all predicted by people who could read their coming in the stars or by the birth or appearance
of new stars in the night sky. The following narration is found in the book Bihar Al-Anwar: “As for
the indications of the stars on Abraham (PBUH), the author of the book Al-Tajamol narrated that
Azar the father of Abraham was an astrologer for Nimrod, and it was only by his command that he
looked at the stars one night and in the morning he said to Nimrod: “I have seen wonders in the stars!”
He said: “What is it?” He said: “I saw a child born in our time, our destruction would be at his hands,
he will be conceived a short time from now.” He said he was surprised by that, then he said: “Have the
women become pregnant with it yet?” He said: “No,” so he withheld the men from the women and did
not leave a woman except that he put her in the city, and her husband has no access to her. So Azar had
intercourse with his wife and she became pregnant with Abraham, and he thought he was the intended
one, so he sent to the midwives of that time - and they were the most knowledgeable of people about the
fetus and there is nothing in the womb except that they knew it- so they looked, and what was in the
womb stuck to the back. So they said: “We do not see anything in her belly.” It was from the knowledge
that was given that the newborn would be burnt in ﬁre, and he was not given knowledge that God will
save him from it. I narrated this narration on the authority of Ibrahim al-Khazzaz, on the authority
of Abu Basir, on the authority of Abi Abdullah (PBUH) from an original that was read to Harun
ibn Musa Al-Talakbari. It was also narrated by Ali ibn Ibrahim in the book Tafsir Al-Qur’an in
simpler terms and it was also narrated by Abu Ja’far Mohammed ibn Jarir Al-Tabari in the ﬁrst part



7
    Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Majlisi, Vol. 55, p. 236


                                                          130
                                        The celestial bodies


of his book, Tarikh Al-Tabari and Saeed ibn Hebat Allah Al-Rawandi also narrated it in the Book of
Stories of the Prophets, and it was narrated by Al-Tha’labi in his interpretation and other scholars.
    Among those whose Prophethood and Message were foretold by the astrologers was Musa ibn
Imran (PBUH) and the books of history and other types of books included what suﬃces, so we do not
need to mention all the narrations. From these narrations is what was narrated by Al-Tha’labi in the
book of Al-A’raes ﬁl Majalis, and he said: “Pharaoh saw in his dream that a ﬁre had come from Bait
Al-Maqdis (Jerusalem) until it swallowed all the houses of Egypt and it burnt it and it burnt the
Copts and left the Children of Israel. So, Pharaoh called the magicians, the priests, the interpreters,
and the astrologers, and asked them about his vision.” They said to him: “A boy will be born from the
Children of Israel, who will take away from you your kingdom, and overpower you in your rulership,
and expel you and your people from your land, and humiliate your religion, and the time he will be
born has approached.” Then they mentioned the birth of Moses (PBUH) and what Pharaoh did
regarding killing male children, and we do not need to mention any of these parts here as it does not
ﬁt with the point we are making.
   The ruling of astrologers regarding the birth of Moses (PBUH) and his Prophethood was
mentioned by Al-Zamakhshari in the book Al-Kashaf. The hadith of the indication of the stars
regarding the birth of Moses (PBUH) was narrated by Wahb ibn Manbah in the ﬁrst part of the book
Al-Mubtada’ in a simpler narration than the one from Al-Tha’labi, and Abu Ja’far ibn Babaweh
mentioned in the book Al-Nobowa a narration about Jesus son of Mary (PBUH) and it says: A
delegation of [the great] scholars of the Magi came to her, visiting her son and giving him great
importance, they said: “We are a people that look at the stars. When your son was born a new star
from the stars of Kingship appeared, we looked at it and we saw that his Kingship is a Kingship of
Prophethood that never leaves him nor departs from him until he is raised to the sky, and he is next to
his Lord, the Mighty and Sublime, as long as the world is in its place. Then he becomes a King and his
Kingdom would last longer than what he was in. So, we came out from the East until we were raised
to this place so we saw the star looking at him from above him, so this is how we came to know his
location and we have brought him a gift which we made as an oﬀering, the likes of which no one has
received before, that is because we have found that this oﬀering, its conditions is like him: It is gold,
myrrh, and frankincense, because gold is the master of all goods, and your son is the master of people as
long as he lives, and because myrrh heals wounds, madness, and all defects, and because frankincense
its smoke reaches the sky and the smoke of nothing else shall reach the sky. As such is your son, God
Almighty raises him to the heavens and no one from the people of his time gets raised except him.” I
found in the book Dala’el Al-Nobowa collected by Abu Al-Qasim Al-Husayn ibn Mohammed
Al-Sakuni, narrated on the authority of Mohammed ibn Ali ibn Al-Husayn, on the authority of
Al-Hassan ibn Abdullah ibn Ghanem, on the authority of Hanad, on the authority of Yunus, on the
authority of Abu Ishaq, on the authority of Salih ibn Ibrahim, on the authority of Abd Al-Rahman
ibn Asaad, on the authority of Ibn Musayyib, on the authority of Hassan ibn Thabit, he said: “By
God, I was a boy around the age of seven or eight, I understood well everything that I heard, I heard a


                                                  131
                                              The Goal of the Wise


Jew while he was on the hill of Yathrib screaming: ‘O Jews,’ when they gathered, they said: ‘Woe to you!
What is wrong with you?’ He said: ‘The star of Ahmed has risen, with which he will be sent tonight.’ ”
I found a book with us now called The Chinese Hand written by Kashina, king of India, which
mentions in detail the indication of the stars on the Prophethood of our Prophet Mohammed (PBUH
& His Family). We have mentioned what the Master mentioned about Hercules and Khosrow, and
them looking at the stars in order to know about the Prophethood of our Prophet, may God’s prayers
and peace be upon him and his family, in the chapter of ‘Glad tidings about his arrival’ and the
chapter of his birth.”8
      Also in the Bible, we nd this fact con rmed in the story of the three Magi and the birth of Jesus
in the book of Matthew Chapter 2: “After Jesus was born in Bethlehem in Judea, during the time of
King Herod, Magi from the east came to Jerusalem and asked, “Where is the one who has been born
king of the Jews? We saw his star in the east and have come to worship him.” When King Herod heard
this he was disturbed, and all Jerusalem with him. When he had called together all the people’s chief
priests and teachers of the law, he asked them where the Messiah was to be born. “In Bethlehem in
Judea,” they replied, “for this is what the Prophet has written: ‘But you, Bethlehem, in the land of
Judah, are by no means least among the rulers of Judah; for out of you will come a ruler who will
shepherd my people Israel.’ ” Then Herod called the Magi secretly and found out from them the exact
time the star had appeared. He sent them to Bethlehem and said, “Go and search carefully for the
child. As soon as you ﬁnd him, report to me, so that I too may go and worship him.” After they had
heard the king, they went on their way, and the star they had seen in the east went ahead of them until
it stopped over the place where the child was. When they saw the star, they were overjoyed. On coming
to the house, they saw the child with his mother Mary, and they bowed down and worshiped him.
Then they opened their treasures and presented him with gifts of gold, frankincense, and myrrh. And
having been warned in a dream not to go back to Herod, they returned to their country by another
route.”9
      There is a plethora of traditions that mention how the planets and other celestial bodies are
connected to human beings on Earth. Ibn Kathir says in his interpretation of verse 102 of Surah
Al-Baqarah (Holy Qur’an, Chapter 2): “God Almighty said to the angels, “Come, two angels of the
angels, so that they may be brought down to the Earth, and let us see how they act.” They said: “Our
Lord, Harut and Marut.” So they descended to the Earth, and Venus appeared to them as a woman
from the best of human beings. She came to them, and they asked to have intercourse with her, but she
said, “No, by Allah, not until you speak this word of polytheism.” They said: “No, by Allah, we shall
never be polytheists.” So she left and returned with a boy she was carrying. They asked to have
intercourse with her. She said: “No, by Allah, until you kill that boy.” So they said: “No, by Allah, we
shall never kill him,” So she left and returned with a jug of wine, they asked to have intercourse with
her, and she said: “No, by Allah, until you drink from this wine.” So they drank from it and became
8
    Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Majlisi, Vol. 55, pp. 237-240
9
    The Holy Bible, Book of Matthew, Chapter 2, Verses 1-12


                                                          132
                                             The celestial bodies


drunk and slept with her, and they killed the boy. When they woke up the woman said to them: “By
Allah, there was nothing of the things you denied me except that you did them when you were drunk.”
So they were given the choice between the torment of this world or the hereafter, and they chose the
torment of this world.” This was narrated by Abu Hatim ibn Hibban in his Sahih.”10 Ibn Kathir
narrates the same story on the authority of the Prince of the Believers Ali ibn Abi Talib (From Him
is Peace).
     In another tradition in Al-Kaﬁ, Aba Abdillah (PBUH) was asked: “What about the stars, are
they true?” He said: “Yes, God sent Jupiter to the Earth in the form of a man, who took a non-Arab
man and taught him the stars until he thought he had reached completion of knowledge. Then he said
to him: ‘Look, where is Jupiter?’ The non-Arab man said: ‘I cannot see him in the stars, and I do not
know where he is.’ Then he put him aside and took a man from India and taught him until he
thought he reached completion of knowledge. He asked him: ‘Look at Jupiter, where is he?’ He said:
‘According to my calculations, it is you!’ He gasped and died, and his family inherited his knowledge,
so the knowledge is there.”11
     There has also been a plethora of traditions which speak about the e ects the planetary bodies
have on the living beings on Earth: “Then Abi Abdillah (PBUH) said to him: “You have spoken the
truth. So what is the name of the star that if it rises, the camels will rage?” Al-Yamani said: “I do not
know.” Abi Abdillah (PBUH) said to him: “You have spoken the truth. What is the name of the star
that if it rises, the cows will rage?” Al-Yamani said: “I do not know.” Abi Abdillah (PBUH) said to
him: “You have spoken the truth. What is the name of the star that if it rises, the dogs will rage?”
Al-Yamani said: “I do not know.” Abi Abdillah (PBUH) said to him: “You have spoken the truth
when you said: I do not know. What is Saturn in your stars?” Al-Yamani said: “It is a star of bad
omen.” Abi Abdillah (PBUH) said: “Do not say this, for it is the star of the Prince of the Believers,
may God’s prayers and peace be upon him, for it is the star of the vicegerents (PBUT) and it is the
Piercing Star (Al-Najm Al-Thaqib) that God mentioned in his book.” Al-Yamani said: “What is
meant by ‘Piercing’ (Al-Thaqib)?” He said: “Its beginning is in the seventh heaven, and its light
pierced it until it shone in the lowest heaven, therefore God called it the Piercing Star (Al-Najm
Al-Thaqib).” Then he said: “O brother of the Arabs, is there a scholar amongst you?” Al-Yamani said:
“Yes, may I be your ransom, for there are people in Yemen who are not like any of the people in their
knowledge.”12
     The people of old used to worship the planetary bodies. The ancient Egyptians used to worship
Sirius and even the Holy Qur’an states: “And verily He is the Lord of Sirius.”13 The Qur’an also
mentions Abraham (PBUH) looking into the stars: “So he took one look at the stars and said I am



10
   Tafsir Ibn Kathir, Ibn Kathir, Vol. 1, pp. 142-143
11
   Kitab Al-Kaﬁ, Al-Shaikh Al-Kulayni, Vol. 8, p. 330
12
   Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Majlisi, Vol. 26, p. 113
13
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 53 (Al-Najm), Verse 49


                                                         133
                                             The Goal of the Wise


sick.”14 It also mentions Abraham (PBUH) looking into the Kingdom of the Heavens and
pondering over whether or not his Lord was the sun or moon or a planet.


           And thus did We show Abraham the realm of the heavens and the earth that he would
           be among the certain [in faith]. So when the night covered him [with darkness], he saw
           a star. He said, “This is my lord.” But when it set, he said, “I like not those that set [i.e.,
           disappear].” And when he saw the moon rising, he said, “This is my lord.” But when it
           set, he said, “Unless my Lord guides me, I will surely be among the people gone astray.”
           And when he saw the sun rising, he said, “This is my lord; this is greater.” But when it
           set, he said, “O my people, indeed I am free from what you associate with Allah.
           Indeed, I have turned my face [i.e., self] toward He who created the heavens and the
           earth, inclining toward truth, and I am not of those who associate others with Allah.”15


The idea of planets or stars being people is further con rmed in Chapter 12 of the Holy Qur’an
(Surah Yusuf) where the interpretation of the sun is Jacob, the moon is Rachel, and the planets are
the brothers of Joseph (PBUH). Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) provides another
interpretation in the Book of Monotheism where Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) is the sun, Ali
(From Him is Peace) is the moon, and the Imams (From Them is Peace) are the planets. In all cases,
the meaning of planetary bodies in dreams are people. It is like seeing their souls in the dream
world.
     And in the Book of Al-Ghayba it was narrated that Abu Ja’far (From Him is Peace) said: “We are
like the stars of the sky. Whenever a star disappears, [another] star rises, until the matter to which you
point with your ﬁngers and regarding which you raise your eyebrow comes, then God will hide your
star from you, and the children of Abdul-Muttalib will appear similar and it will not be known
which is which, so if your star rises, praise your Lord.”16
     In fact, in the narrations about the signs of the emergence of Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His
Family) there exist narrations about the appearance of the Red Planet. In the book 250 Signs until
the Appearance of the Mahdi by Mohammed Ali Al-Tabatabei under sign number 190 titled, “A
Red Planet with two Comets that almost meet,” it states: “Imam Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace)
said: “The rise of the planet with two comets that terriﬁes the Arabs and it is a planet in the East that
shines as the moon shines.” In the book Mashareq Anwar Al-Yaqeen it states: “And that is at the time
of the rising of the planet which terriﬁes the Arabs and it resembles a comet, it is then that the rain
shall cease and the rivers shall dry up and the storms shall vary and the prices in all countries shall
rise.”17

14
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 37 (Al-Sa at), Verses 88-89
15
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 6 (Al-Anaam), Verses 75-79
16
   Kitab Al-Ghayba (Book of Occultation), Al-Numani, Vol. 1, p. 156
17
   250 signs until the Appearance of Imam Mahdi, Muhammad Ali Tabatabai, Sign No. 190, p. 163


                                                        134
                                              The celestial bodies


      Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) was once asked, “Is the Red Planet Prophet Jesus
(PBUH)? And if he is not the Red Planet, is he already amongst us? And when will he emerge?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) responded, “He is amongst you, and he is apparent, God willing.
And he is not Prophet Jesus (PBUH).”
       So, the Imam had now con rmed that the Red Planet is actually an individual who appears. On
another date, Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) revealed that the Red Planet is the
Riser/Qaim of the Family of Mohammed. The only planet known as the Red Planet is Mars. Mars
has two moons that resemble comets in shape, one called Phobos (fear) and the other Deimos
(terror and dread).
      One day I was speaking to Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), and I said to him,
“My Father, the Mandaeans, the followers of John the Baptist that are present in Iraq, said something
in their writings that made me pay attention. They said Abdullah son of Abdul-Muttalib, the father
of the Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) is the appearance of the planet Mars. They also
said Mars is a war planet. You had told me previously that I am the Red Planet mentioned in the
traditions that has two comets. Mars is known as the Red Planet and has two comets like moons called
Phobos and Deimos. By my calculations, I wanted to ask you, am I Mars?”
      Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) responded, “Yes son, you are him.”
      I asked, “So are my actions on Earth controlled or aﬀected by its movements?”
      Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, it aﬀects it by 89 percent.”
      Thus, we can see that much of the circumstances and factors that de ne the pathways of our
lives are literally written in the cosmos by 89%. For example, where, when, to whom you were born,
life expectancy, all can be read in the stars.
      My conversation continued with the Imam (From Him is Peace), “I was speaking with Dr. Salah
El-Khouly today and we had a discussion about how the ancient Egyptians used to believe that the
souls of the righteous become stars in the sky. You had also told me that the star Sirius was the creator of
this universe. Are the stars and the planetary bodies souls? Is the star Sirius Iblis?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “I shall tell you, yes it is true.”
      I said, “And Adam is Earth? And we are living on him?”
      Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, it is true.”
      I thought to myself, “Glory be to God, indeed Earth is created from clay and Sirius from re”
and I recited to myself the verse: “[Allah] said, “What prevented you from prostrating when I
commanded you?” [Satan] said, “I am better than him. You created me from ﬁre and created him
from clay. ”18
In terms of the connection between the Riser of the Family of Mohammed and Egypt, and the
Riser being the Companion of Egypt, it has been narrated that the Arabic name of the city of
Cairo (Al-Qahira), meaning “the Vanquisher/Conqueror”, is derived from the name Al-Najm


18
     The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 7 (Al-Araf), Verse 12


                                                      135
                                               The Goal of the Wise


Al-Qahir, meaning “the Vanquishing/Conquering Star” and it is the name of planet Mars as it was
known amongst the Arabs.19
      Now it is clear for you, why and how the ancient worship of the stars and planetary bodies came
to be. The people of old knew that the stars and planetary bodies were souls and would request
things by praying to these souls in the skies much as one would request something from one of the
Imams by visiting and praying at his mausoleum. This is also how the worship of these bodies came
to be in ancient Egypt, Rome, Greece, India, and almost every part of the world. Those in the
know and the elite in this day and age still know these matters and have hidden it in plain sight. For
example, in Walt Disney’s Pinocchio you have the song, When you wish upon a Star, that says quite
plainly in its lyrics:


When you wish upon a star
Makes no diﬀerence who you are
Anything your heart desires
Will come to you
If your heart is in your dream
No request is too extreme
When you wish upon a star
As dreamers do
Fate is kind
She brings to those who love
The sweet fulﬁllment of
Their secret longing
Like a bolt, out of the blue
Suddenly it comes in view
When you wish upon a star
Your dreams come true
When a star is born
They possess a gift or two
One of them is this
They have the power
To make a wish come true
When you wish upon a star
Makes no diﬀerence who you are
Anything your heart desires
Will come to you


19
     Towards a Shi’i Mediterranean Empire: Fatimid Egypt and the Founding of Cairo, I.B. Tauris


                                                          136
                                           The celestial bodies


If your heart is in your dream
No request is too extreme
When you wish upon a star
As dreamers do
Fate is kind
She brings to those who love
The sweet fulﬁllment of
Their secret longings, ooh
Like a bolt, out of the blue
Suddenly it comes in view
When you wish upon a star
Your dreams come true 20


We have in modern culture games such as Super Mario Brothers displaying themes such as the
touching of stars or gathering of stars. You have people who are celebrities being called “stars”
because they are elevated above others and their wishes came true. You also have people like Mark
Twain having had the ability to calculate their birth and death by identifying their heavenly twin.
In 1909, Mark Twain said: “I came in with Halley’s Comet in 1835. It is coming again next year,
and I expect to go out with it. It will be the greatest disappointment of my life if I don’t go out with
Halley’s Comet. The Almighty has said, no doubt: ‘Now here are these two unaccountable freaks;
they came in together, they must go out together.’ ”21 Twain was born just after Halley’s Comet
appeared in 1835, and died of a heart attack one day after it appeared at its brightest in 1910.
     Perhaps one of the greatest facts about Freemasonry is that they actually worship the star
Sirius.22 Sirius for them represents the letter G or God and it is the sun behind the sun. They
consider Sirius to be the source of the sun’s power and the divine light behind all creation. Sirius,
which is located in the constellation Canis Major, is known as the Dog Star and Dog is God spelled
backwards. The Freemasons worship the soul of Iblis or Satan, the blazing star, Sirius. That is how
and from where they derive their power and in uence. We have previously demonstrated in our
former works that the Freemasons worship the one eye of Satan. We live in a universe created by
Sirius, the soul of Iblis, and we live on the soul of Adam, Earth, where the worshipers and children
of Sirius currently rule. Sirius has been the most dominant and apparent star in our galaxy.
Here we provide a picture of the Canis Major constellation (Figure 1), and the star Sirius, also
known as the Dog Star, worshiped by Freemasonry (Figure 2):



20
   Walt Disney Pinocchio When You Wish Upon a Star, Leigh Harline & Ned Washington
21
   Mark Twain, A Biography: The Personal and Literary Life of Samuel Langhorne Clemens, Albert Bigelow Paine, Vol.
   3, Ch. 33, p. 1511
22
   The Freemasons: A History of the World’s Most Powerful Secret Society, Jasper Ridley


                                                       137
                                  The Goal of the Wise


Figure 1: Canis Major




Figure 2: Sirius (The Dog Star)




                                          138
                 Door Number Nine


                Reincarnation




“Whoever does not believe in our Return is not from us.”
                                         The Goal of the Wise


             mam Ja’far Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace) said: “Whoever does not believe in our Return
             is not from us.”1 The Return or the ‘Raj’a’ is a concept mentioned in the narrations of
             the Family of Mohammed (From Them is Peace) which describes the return or
             reincarnation of the souls of people back to the world. The Imams (From Them is
Peace) have stated on many occasions that when the Qaim/Riser appears: “The believer in his grave
will be told “O so and so, your companion has appeared, if you want you may join him and if you wish
to remain here in the honor of your lord then you may remain. ”2
    So here, the dead are given the chance to return to the world in the time of the Qaim/Riser, and
how else could the dead return to the living without being born again? Imam Al-Ridha (From Him
is Peace) was asked by Al-Ma’moon about the Raj’a. He replied: “Verily it is truth, and it also existed
in the previous nations, and the Qur’an spoke about it and the Prophet of Allah (PBUH & His
Family) said: ‘There shall be in this nation everything that was in the previous nations.’ ”3
    Imam Al-Baqir (From Him is Peace) said: “ ‘It has been ordained against every town that We ever
destroyed that they shall not return (to enjoy a new lease of life)’ [Surah 21:95] Every town which God
destroys by bringing upon it a punishment shall not return, and this verse is one of the greatest proofs
for the Raj’a/Return because no one from the people of Islam denies that all people return on the Day
of Judgment/Qiyama, including all those who were destroyed by a punishment and those who
weren’t. So when God says: ‘Shall not return’ it means in the Raj’a, but as for the Qiyama they shall
return in order to enter hellﬁre.”4
    Imam Al-Baqir (From Him is Peace) said: “Verily, the Prophet of Allah and Ali (PBUT) shall
return.”5 Imam Zainul Abideen (From Him is Peace) said: “ ‘Verily, He Who has given you the
Qur’an will surely bring you back at an appointed time.’ [Surah 28:85] “Your Prophet and the Prince
of the Believers and the Imams shall return to you.”6 And Imam Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace) said:
“The ﬁrst to emerge from the earth and return to the world is Al-Hussein ibn Ali (PBUT).”7 The
Ahlul-Bayt (From Them is Peace) have mentioned some of the Prophets and Messengers and
companions by name in various traditions as ones who will return in the time of the
Qaim/Riser. From those names are the Seven Sleepers, Joshua son of Nun, Al-Miqdad, Malik
Al-Ashtar, Salman Al-Farsi, Abu Dajanah Al-Ansari, Al-Mufaddel ibn Omar and many others.
These are just a few from a plethora of narrations from Mohammed and the Family of Mohammed
(PBUH & His Family) mentioning the concept of the Return or the Raj’a.
    There is a manuscript called Al-Haft Al-Shareef written by Al-Mufaddel ibn Omar who
recorded conversations between him and Imam Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace). In this Book Imam

1
  Al-Muhtadir, Al-Hassan Ibn Sulayman Al-Hilli, p. 33
2
  Mizan Al-Hikmah (Scale of Wisdom), Mohammed Al-Reyshahri, Vol. 2, p. 1036
3
  Uyūn ʾAkhbār ar-Riḍā (AS), Al-Shaikh Al-Saduq, Vol. 1, p. 218
4
  Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 53, p. 52
5
  Mizan Al-Hikmah (Scale of Wisdom), Mohammed Al-Reyshahri, Vol. 2, p. 1037
6
  Tafsir Al-Qummi, Ali ibn Ibrahim Al-Qummi, Vol. 2, p. 147
7
  Mizan Al-Hikmah (Scale of Wisdom), Mohammed Al-Reyshahri, Vol. 2, p. 1037


                                                    140
                                                  Reincarnation


Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace) explains in detail the concept of reincarnation in Islam, and how
Raj’a is equivalent to the reincarnation of souls. Imam Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace) maps out and
explains how many incarnations a soul has and explains how a soul can reincarnate into human,
animal, plant, or inanimate forms such as rocks and stones. The book was rst translated into
English by us and is available for anyone to read. Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) has
stated that Al-Haft Al-Shareef is one of the greatest books to have ever been written. It is one of the
most authentic and reliable books in Muslim history. It has been largely preserved in its original
form with minor distortions and additions throughout time.
      Ali Al-Ghorai 8 asked Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “When is the world of the
Raj’a? Is it in this world or another? And what is the interpretation of the tradition that states that the
Prince of the Believers (From Him is Peace) will rule for forty-four thousand years and that there shall
be born for each of his Shia a thousand males?”
      So he (From Him is Peace) said, “The Prince of the Believers means all of the Proofs of God, and as
far as a thousand being born from every Shia, the Shia are you, for whoever is guided through you, you
are the ones who gave birth to them.”
      So Ali Al-Ghorai asked, “Do you mean by ‘all of the Proofs of God’ the Mahdis?”
      So he (From Him is Peace) replied, “Yes, the Mahdis.”
      Ali Al-Ghorai asked the Imam (From Him is Peace), “The qur’anic verse which says ‘Verily, it is
but one of the greatest (signs)’9 Are the great signs the Day of the Raj’a and the Day of the Qaim/Riser
and the Day of the Qiyama?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) replied, “This verse has nothing to do with all that.”
      So Al-Ghorai asked, “There is a tradition which states that Al-Hussein (From Him is Peace)
returns in the time of the Mahdi who does not have any children. Is this a true tradition?”
      So the Imam (From Him is Peace) answered, “Yes, it is true, the one who does not have any
children from his loins, from his water.”
      So Al-Ghorai asked the Imam (From Him is Peace), “Do the Prophets and Messengers return in
a chronological order?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) replied, “No, not necessarily, the return of the Prophets and
Messengers in this incarnation is not chronological and not one after the other, and not in a certain
order. Perhaps Adam (PBUH) is from the loins of Joseph or Jesus (PBUT) in this time.”
      So Al-Ghorai said, “So I can understand from this that biological relationships are only for
physical bodies and the soul has nothing to do with these biological relations. So is it possible that Joseph,
for example, can be from the loins of a normal man, or that Al-Hussein (From Him is Peace) could be
from the loins of a normal man, or do they have to come from the loins of a Prophet or an Imam?”
      So Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) replied and said, “Physically they can be
descendants of a normal man or a non-infallible.”
8
    Ali Al-Ghorai is one of the believers who is close to Aba Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace).
9
    The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 74 (Al-Muddaththir), Verse 35


                                                           141
                                        The Goal of the Wise


   So Ali Al-Ghorai said, “We know that the rank of Al-Hussein (From Him is Peace) and the
Imams (From Them is Peace) is according to my knowledge, higher than the Mahdis (PBUT), so if
my understanding is correct, then Al-Hussein (From Him is Peace) would have to return in this day
and age at a higher rank than to just be a supporter or believer in the Call.”
   So the Imam (From Him is Peace) answered and said, “Your understanding is correct my son,
Al-Hussein (PBUH) is Al-Hussein (PBUH). My son, you want to reach a certain answer and I shall
deliver it to you and put you at ease, I am Al-Hussein, I am Al-Hussein the carrier of my
grandfather’s sword Ali ibn Abi Talib (PBUH), Thol-Fiqar (double-edged sword), and the one who is
victorious with the sword, and the avenger of the Family of Mohammed (PBUT) and the Imams and
the Prophets and the Messengers (peace be upon them all), I am the one who is requesting vengeance for
the blood of the Prophets and Preferred ones and the Messengers and all praises due to Allah, Lord of
the Worlds, that honored us and you with it, no one obtains this (to be a part of this belief and Call)
except he who has great luck.”
   We all got goosebumps and we cried and I said, “And Allah is a witness that I used to believe in
that since many years ago, that Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) is Imam Al-Hussein (From
Him is Peace).”
   And so Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said to me, “My son, you were like your
grandmother, Khadijah (peace be upon her and her sons), you funded this Call, you and your pure
brothers, so you have the great preference and verily God does not waste the reward of the good-doers.
May God grant you goodness, it is my honor to have you as my son, I am honored by you and by your
puriﬁed descendants, upon you is peace from me forever and always, may God do you good.”
   Ali Al-Ghorai then asked, “Is the world of the Raj’a diﬀerent than the physical world or are they
one and the same or are they interconnected?”
   So he (From Him is Peace) said, “The world of the Raj’a is the same world as this one, we are right
now in the Raj’a and in every time and age there was a Raj’a or Return and the Returning to this
world has not stopped but in this particular age it will be special and it shall never repeat again. In
this age, the Prophets and Messengers, Vicegerents, and puriﬁed ones have all gathered in it. It is the
promised age that God promised to us.”
   Ali Al-Ghorai asked, “My Master, did you return throughout the past one thousand and two
hundred years?”
   So he (From Him is Peace) responded, “This question I shall not answer, I apologize, my son.”
   So Al-Ghorai asked, “Is the Day of Judgment after the time of the Twelfth Mahdi?”
   So he (From Him is Peace) asked, “Which Day of Judgment do you mean exactly? If you mean the
greater Judgment Day which people understand to be a day when God wipes out this universe or this
Earth, then it will never be and not even a million men descended from your loins will ever see it.”
   So Al-Ghorai said, “So then what is the meaning of the greater Day of Judgment and Day of
Reckoning, and is this Day of Judgment always happening?”



                                                   142
                                           Reincarnation


   So Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said, “The Day of Judgment is in the afterlife,
meaning after your ﬁnal incarnation. We are right now in judgment.”
   So Al-Ghorai said, “I understand now that I am in my ﬁnal incarnation.”
   So he (From Him is Peace) said, “Then when your body dies, you shall go to judgment or Judgment
Day, but life shall never end in this universe.”
   Al-Ghorai asked, “Am I in my ﬁnal incarnation?”
   Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) replied, “If you look within yourself well, you
would know the answer to that.”
   Al-Ghorai said, “My Master, I am fed up with my self and I have despaired from it, I am tired
of my self.”
   Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said, “Despair always comes from the devil, may
God curse him.”
   Al-Ghorai said, “I mean I have despaired from my self, but I, all praises due to God, have not
despaired from the mercy of God. And how great is His mercy, even right now I am amazed from
Him.”
   So he (From Him is Peace) said, “When you are searching for your self, be patient and wait, and
search for your self humbly, and do not look nor search for your self above, rather look for it in the ﬁeld
of range of your sight.”
   So Al-Ghorai asked once again, “Do I have another incarnation?”
   So he (From Him is Peace) said, “You shall not return again to this Earth.”
   So Al-Ghorai said, “I understand from this that there are other returns and incarnations in
worlds other than this one.”
   So he (From Him is Peace) said, “If God wills.”
   Al-Ghorai asked, “Is faith in reincarnation a pillar from the pillars of religion?”
   So the Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “No.”
   So Al-Ghorai asked, “Is Iblis killed in this incarnation, and will Iblis have more incarnations?”
   So the Imam (From Him is Peace) replied, “If God wills, Iblis (May God curse him) shall not
return, his end shall be here.”
   So Al-Ghorai said, “There is a narration which states that the companions of the Mahdi (PBUH
& His Family) shall vanish from their beds…is this going to happen physically in this age of ours?”
   So the Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The bed here means wife and children and family.”
   So Ali Al-Ghorai said, “So shall this matter happen suddenly to the family and people?”
   So the Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “This is not the case with everyone, not all the believers.
This is a special mission which shall be for some of the believers and not all of them.”
   So Al-Ghorai asked, “So shall it be that they vanish instantly into thin air, or do you mean by
vanishing that they travel?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Traveling in addition to perhaps it being instantly,
meaning, it shall be traveling but suddenly.”


                                                   143
                                                The Goal of the Wise


      So Al-Ghorai said, “If the incarnations of a certain person are over, does that mean that it is his
last chance to be tested and to elevate?”
      So the Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, it is as such.”
      So Al-Ghorai said, “And after that is his Judgment Day?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “His personal judgment.”
      So Al-Ghorai said, “So does death occur here, and what was before it of incarnations is just
‘Wafat’?”10
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, it is here.”
      Al-Ghorai then said, “So is it possible to say that what is in the book Al-Haft Al-Shareef by Imam
Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace) regarding the human being entering into the world many times and a
precise number of times for each person so that the total amount of years lived in all incarnations for
every person is equal to the total amount of years lived by every other person, [is true]?”
      Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) responded and said, “I have said that the book
Al-Haft Al-Shareef is one of the greatest books of all time but it also has in it a small amount of
corruption.”
      Al-Ghorai then asked, “What about what is written in Buddhist texts about reincarnation and
Samsara, do they also have truth in them? And can a human being end his incarnations by elevating
to become an angel, that is if he continued to elevate?”
      So the Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Angels can become human, but humans cannot become
angels.”
      Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) clari ed that reincarnation is a reality that exists
and is part of our religion. And he clari ed that people have been reincarnating from the beginning
of time until now. He clari ed that the concept of the Raj’a or Return is the same as reincarnation
and incarnations. He validated the Gnostic mystical book, Al-Haft Al-Shareef which covers Imam
Al-Sadiq’s teachings on reincarnation, and called it one of the greatest books of all time. Imam
Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) also revealed his own incarnation, and that is that he is
Al-Hussein son of Ali (From Them is Peace) and he also demonstrated that he has knowledge of
people’s incarnations.




10
     Wafat is an Arabic term that refers to “minor death.”


                                                             144
                    Door Number ten


    The Transmigration of the soul




“They replied, ‘Some say John the Baptist, others say Elijah,
    and still others, Jeremiah or one of the Prophets.’”
                                        The Goal of the Wise


                 he commonly held belief that people hold about the soul is that every person is
                 born with a soul and that soul remains with a person until death. It is only at death
                 that the soul leaves the body. The reality is that the soul can enter into a human
                 being at birth, during childhood, adulthood, or even old age. A soul can also leave a
human being before the death of the human’s body. A soul can leave a human being and they
remain alive for a number of years, even decades. This is what the people of old knew. The soul
travels from one body to another through the process of reincarnation, or it can travel from body to
body through the process of transmigration. In order to make understanding easier for the reader
let us de ne the following terms:


    1. Reincarnation: Rebirth of the soul into a new human body.


    2. Transmigration: The movement of the soul from one human body with or without death to
        another already living human without experiencing the process of birth.


    3. Maskh: The rebirth of the human soul as an animal.


    4. Raskh: The transmigration of the human soul from a human to an inanimate object such as a
        rock or stone.


    5. Faskh: The transmigration of the human soul from a human to a plant or tree.


Although these concepts are widely rejected by mainstream Judeo-Christian and Islamic schools of
thought, these concepts have always been part of the teachings of the Prophets and Messengers
(PBUT). These concepts are easily found within the Torah, Gospels, and Qur’an as well as within
the narrations of the Prophets of these religions. While the mainstream orthodoxy of each of these
Abrahamic faiths have neglected, minimized, or rejected these concepts outright, many Gnostic
sects within them have kept these ideas alive.
   We plan to present to you here, evidence from the Bible, that Jesus believed and taught the
concepts of reincarnation or the return of the soul after death in new bodies as well as
transmigration. We will also demonstrate without a shadow of a doubt that the early followers of
Jesus (PBUH), as well as the Jews living in that time, were familiar with and believed in the ideas of
reincarnation and transmigration. The belief and expectation of certain gures to return in
di erent bodies was prevalent amongst the Jews in that time and amongst the early followers of
Christ. First, we look at Matthew Chapter 16: “When Jesus came to the region of Caesarea Philippi,
he asked his disciples, “Who do people say the Son of Man is?” They replied, “Some say John the Baptist;




                                                  146
                                       The transmigration of the soul


others say Elijah; and still others, Jeremiah or one of the Prophets.” “But what about you?”, he asked.
“Who do you say I am?” Simon Peter answered, “You are the Messiah, the Son of the living God.”1
      Here it is demonstrated clearly that the Jews and early followers of Christ had already an
understanding that the Prophets and Messengers of the Torah could and would return. For here,
when Jesus asks his followers, who do the people (he doesn’t even say the believers, or my followers,
but simply the people) say I am, they respond John the Baptist, Elijah, Jeremiah, or one of the
Prophets. This without a shadow of a doubt proves that they believed in the return of the Prophets
and Messengers (PBUT). What is especially interesting here is the fact that amongst the names
mentioned is John the Baptist. Jeremiah and Elijah, the other two names, were Prophets who had
passed or disappeared many years before Christ was even born; however, John, on the other hand,
was alive during the life of Jesus (PBUH), baptized Jesus, and died during Jesus’ adult
years. According to Luke 1:26-38, the age di erence between John the Baptist and Jesus (PBUT)
was approximately 6 months:


           In the sixth month of Elizabeth’s pregnancy, God sent the angel Gabriel to Nazareth, a
           town in Galilee, to a virgin pledged to be married to a man named Joseph, a
           descendant of David. The virgin’s name was Mary. The angel went to her and said,
           “Greetings, you who are highly favored! The Lord is with you.” Mary was greatly
           troubled at his words and wondered what kind of greeting this might be. But the angel
           said to her, “Do not be afraid, Mary; you have found favor with God. You will conceive
           and give birth to a son, and you are to call him Jesus. He will be great and will be
           called the Son of the Most High. The Lord God will give him the throne of his father
           David, and he will reign over Jacob’s descendants forever; his kingdom will never
           end.” “How will this be,” Mary asked the angel, “since I am a virgin?” The angel
           answered, “The Holy Spirit will come on you, and the power of the Most High will
           overshadow you. So the holy one to be born will be called the Son of God. Even
           Elizabeth your relative is going to have a child in her old age, and she who was said to
           be unable to conceive is in her sixth month. For no word from God will ever fail.” “I am
           the Lord’s servant,” Mary answered. “May your word to me be fulﬁlled.” Then the
           angel left her.2


Now according to Luke 3:21-23, Jesus was 30 years old at the time of his baptism and at the start of
his public ministry. “When all the people were being baptized, Jesus was baptized too. And as he was
praying, heaven was opened and the Holy Spirit descended on him in bodily form like a dove. And a
voice came from heaven: “You are my Son, whom I love; with you I am well pleased.” Now Jesus himself


1
    The Holy Bible, Book of Matthew, Chapter 16, Verses 13-16
2
    The Holy Bible, Book of Luke, Chapter 1, Verses 26-38

                                                          147
                                               The Goal of the Wise


was about thirty years old when he began his ministry.”3 The baptism of Jesus by John is highlighted
in the Bible and serves as an important public marker. It was the passing of the torch of
successorship from John to Jesus (PBUT). All those who believed in John and were followers of
John bore witness to the appointment of Jesus by God as John’s successor right before John’s
martyrdom. Jesus also received the Holy Spirit at this point and his ministry began. We nd the
same ritual happening right before the death of Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) at the
event of Ghadir Khum. This is when he appoints Ali ibn Abi Talib (From Him is Peace) as his
divine successor.
      This means that after delivering his nal speech to his followers and appointing his successor
Jesus publicly, John the Baptist was arrested and beheaded at the age of about 30 years old. This also
means that the Jews and early followers of John and Jesus believed in the transmigration of the soul
from a dead adult into the body of an alive adult. Usually, the common understanding amongst
those who believe in reincarnation is that when a person dies, he or she is born again as a baby in a
new body. This idea was not necessarily the case with the Jews at that time, for when asked who do
the people say Jesus was, the disciples responded, some say John the Baptist. Therefore, it is clear
and evident that they believed John’s soul could enter into the body of Jesus after death and return
in the form of Jesus and carry on living in the new body without the need to wait for a new body to
be born and grow up.
      This is not the only place where transmigration and/or reincarnation is discussed. If we look at
Matthew Chapter 11, we nd that Jesus declares John the Baptist to be the return or reincarnation
of Elijah. “Truly I tell you, among those born of women there has not risen anyone greater than John
the Baptist; yet whoever is least in the kingdom of heaven is greater than he. From the days of John the
Baptist until now, the kingdom of heaven has been subjected to violence, and violent people have been
raiding it. For all the Prophets and the Law prophesied until John. And if you are willing to accept it,
he is the Elijah who was to come. Whoever has ears, let them hear.” 4
      So clearly, we can see that Jesus (PBUH) also believed and taught the doctrine of return or
reincarnation. Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) con rmed that John the Baptist was
Elijah reincarnated. Another reference to Elijah being John the Baptist is made in the Bible, during
the scene of the trans guration of Jesus. Jesus reveals his light body to his disciples and they fall
down into prostration only to lift their heads and lo and behold, Jesus is standing in his light body,
and accompanying him are two physically dead Prophets: the souls of Elijah and Moses (PBUT).


           After six days Jesus took with him Peter, James and John the brother of James, and led
           them up a high mountain by themselves. There he was transﬁgured before them. His
           face shone like the sun, and his clothes became as white as the light. Just then there
           appeared before them Moses and Elijah, talking with Jesus. Peter said to Jesus, “Lord,
3
    The Holy Bible, Book of Luke, Chapter, 3, Verses 21-23
4
    The Holy Bible, Book of Matthew, Chapter 11, Verses 11-15

                                                          148
                                       The transmigration of the soul


           it is good for us to be here. If you wish, I will put up three shelters—one for you, one for
           Moses and one for Elijah.” While he was still speaking, a bright cloud covered them,
           and a voice from the cloud said, “This is my Son, whom I love; with him I am well
           pleased. Listen to him!” When the disciples heard this, they fell facedown to the
           ground, terriﬁed. But Jesus came and touched them. “Get up,” he said. “Don’t be
           afraid.” When they looked up, they saw no one except Jesus. As they were coming down
           the mountain, Jesus instructed them, “Don’t tell anyone what you have seen, until the
           Son of Man has been raised from the dead.” The disciples asked him, “Why then do
           the teachers of the law say that Elijah must come ﬁrst?” Jesus replied, “To be sure,
           Elijah comes and will restore all things. But I tell you, Elijah has already come, and
           they did not recognize him, but have done to him everything they wished. In the same
           way the Son of Man is going to suﬀer at their hands.” Then the disciples understood
           that he was talking to them about John the Baptist.5


So we have for a second time, in Matthew 17, Jesus proclaiming John to be the return of Elijah, and
we also have the appearance of the souls of Elijah and Moses (PBUT) to the disciples. So we can
easily conclude that the souls of Elijah and Moses were traveling around with Jesus (PBUH) and his
disciples and learning from him.
      Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) being the companion of the Seventh Covenant
and the reincarnation of Al-Hussein (From Him is Peace) plays a more vital role in this time than
any other Prophet and Messenger throughout history. In fact, all of the Prophets, Messengers, and
Imams yearned to return in this day and age in order to support him. In one narration, Abi
Abdullah (From Him is Peace) was asked:


            “ ‘And recite in the Book the account of Ishmael. He was ever true to his promise, and
           was a Messenger, a Prophet.’ Was this verse concerning Ishmael son of Abraham
           (PBUT)? For verily the people are claiming it is concerning Ishmael son of Abraham.”
           So the Imam (PBUH) said: “Verily Ishmael died before Abraham, and Abraham was
           the Proof of God, a Qaim, a companion of a jurisprudence, so to whom was Ishmael
           sent?” So it was said to him: “Then who was the verse concerning, may I be your
           ransom?” So he (PBUH) replied: “That was concerning Ishmael son of Ezekiel the
           Prophet (PBUH), God sent him to his people and they belied him, murdered him and
           skinned his face, so God became angry for him, so He sent to him the angel Satatael,
           the angel of torment, and he said to him: ‘O Ishmael, I am Satatael the angel of
           torment, the Lord of Glory sent me to you in order that I may torment your people with
           all kinds of punishments as you wish.’ So Ishmael said: ‘I do not need that O


5
    The Holy Bible, Book of Matthew, Chapter 17, Verses 1-13

                                                          149
                                            The Goal of the Wise


        Satatael.’ So God inspired him, saying: ‘O Ishmael, what is your need then?’ So
        Ishmael said: ‘My Lord, you took a covenant upon us that you are the Lord, and
        Mohammed is your Messenger, and his vicegerents have authority and Wilayah. You
        told Your creation what his nation shall do to Al-Hussein son of Ali (PBUT) after
        their Prophet. And You promised Al-Hussein that he will reincarnate in this world,
        and will have revenge with his own hands against all those who do this to him. So my
        need, O Lord, is that you make me too reincarnate in this world so that I may take
        revenge against all those who did this to me, just as you make Al-Hussein reincarnate.’
        So God promised Ishmael the son of Ezekiel that, and he shall reincarnate with
        Al-Hussein son of Ali (PBUT).” 6


This wish of Ishmael (PBUH) to return with Al-Hussein (From Him is Peace) was the wish of all
the Prophets, Messengers, and righteous ones. Surely, they were all granted this wish by God. Abi
Abdullah (From Him is Peace) said: “And Al-Hussein (PBUH) shall come forth with his companions
that were killed with him, and with him also shall be seventy Prophets just as they were sent with Moses
son of Imran. The Qaim (PBUH) shall hand over to him the seal, and Al-Hussein (PBUH) shall be
the one to wash him, shroud him and place him in his grave.”7 On another occasion, Imam Al-Sadiq
(From Him is Peace) was asked: “Is the Qaim born?” He replied: “No, and if I got a chance to be with
him I shall serve him for the rest of the days of my life.”8 The narrations to this e ect are
many. Clearly, it was every Prophet, Messenger, and Imam’s dream to return with the Riser/Qaim
because he establishes God’s government on Earth, a Divine Just State, a return to the Garden of
Eden, which is the culmination of the e orts of all the Prophets and Messengers and righteous
ones.
    If the souls of Moses and Elijah were traveling around with Jesus Christ, learning and listening
to him, then they along with the souls of all of the Prophets and Messengers and righteous ones
have been traveling around with Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) who is Al-Hussein
(From Him is Peace) since the day he appeared on this Earth. They followed him around waiting for
an opportunity to transmigrate into a physical body that they could use to serve the Imam (From
Him is Peace). At his will and command, these pure souls and angels would enter into the bodies
that were around Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace). Thus, many human beings are the
reincarnations of the Prophets, Messengers, and angels but not since physical birth, but rather since
they were spiritually “reborn” in faith and a soul came upon them. Although this idea might seem
foreign to the mainstream public, for centuries, closely guarded circles of Jewish Rabbis and
Gnostic Christians knew these truths and would teach it to their students. Rabbi Isaac Luria once


6
  Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 53, p. 105
7
  Mukhtasar Basa'ir Al-Darajat, Al-Hassan Ibn Sulayman Al-Hilli, p. 48
8
  Kitab Al-Ghayba (Book of Occultation), Al-Numani, Vol. 1, p. 250

                                                       150
                                        The transmigration of the soul


taught that it was during Prophet Joseph’s adult life that he received his soul, the soul of Enoch
(PBUH), which had descended upon him. The Rabbi said:


           This is the secret of, “He appointed it as an eidut [testimony] to Joseph …” (Psalms
           81:5) - since Joseph merited to receive the neshama of Enoch which is called “eidie” [My
           witness], as said. Therefore Joseph was “yafeh to’ar” [handsome], (Gen. 39:6) because
           he merited Adam’s yafyo [beauty], which came to him from the edge of the neshama of
           supernal Atzilut…However, Joseph did not merit this until the night of the “end of the
           two years,” (Gen. 41:1) when it was decreed that he should leave jail - that very day he
           rose to greatness. So is it written, “[He appointed it as a testimony to Jehoseph] when He
           went out over the land of Egypt.” (Psalms 81:5) This becomes understandable when
           you recall what we said in previous chapters, that the ruach or the neshama enters a
           person at night while he is sleeping…You can also understand what the Sages say based
           upon the end of the verse, “[He appointed it as a testimony to Jehoseph when He went
           out over the land of Egypt] when I heard a language unknown to me.” (Psalms 81:5)
           That night Gabriel came and taught him seventy languages. (Sotah 36b) What
           actually happened was that the neshama of Enoch/Metatron, the minister over the
           seventy nations, who knows their seventy languages, entered him that night and
           immediately he knew the seventy languages. 9


In the same manner that we have proven that the people in the time of Christ knew that souls could
enter upon a person at any time, and they even thought that the soul of the recently deceased John
the Baptist entered upon Jesus; the soul can also leave the body of a living person at any time
without him necessarily dying physically. Rather in this case, the death would be a spiritual
one. There are even examples of people who lost their souls during their life and remained alive
physically. Let us look at the story of Saul in the Bible (1 Samuel Chapter 16):


           So he asked Jesse, “Are these all the sons you have?” “There is still the youngest,” Jesse
           answered. “He is tending the sheep.” Samuel said, “Send for him; we will not sit down
           until he arrives.” So he sent for him and had him brought in. He was glowing with
           health and had a ﬁne appearance and handsome features. Then the Lord said, “Rise
           and anoint him; this is the one.” So Samuel took the horn of oil and anointed him in
           the presence of his brothers, and from that day on the Spirit of the Lord came
           powerfully upon David. Samuel then went to Ramah.




9
    Joseph’s Soul, Rabbi Isaac Luria, Gate of Reincarnations: Chapter Thirty-One, Section 7b

                                                           151
                                                The Goal of the Wise


            David in Saul’s Service
            Now the Spirit of the Lord had departed from Saul, and an evil spirit from the Lord
            tormented him. Saul’s attendants said to him, “See, an evil spirit from God is
            tormenting you. Let our lord command his servants here to search for someone who can
            play the lyre. He will play when the evil spirit from God comes on you, and you will feel
            better.” So Saul said to his attendants, “Find someone who plays well and bring him to
            me.” One of the servants answered, “I have seen a son of Jesse of Bethlehem who knows
            how to play the lyre. He is a brave man and a warrior. He speaks well and is a
            ﬁne-looking man. And the Lord is with him.” Then Saul sent messengers to Jesse and
            said, “Send me your son David, who is with the sheep.” So Jesse took a donkey loaded
            with bread, a skin of wine and a young goat and sent them with his son David to Saul.
            David came to Saul and entered his service. Saul liked him very much, and David
            became one of his armor-bearers. Then Saul sent word to Jesse, saying, “Allow David to
            remain in my service, for I am pleased with him.” Whenever the spirit from God came
            on Saul, David would take up his lyre and play. Then relief would come to Saul; he
            would feel better, and the evil spirit would leave him.10


In the Torah, Saul was appointed as King by God, and he had a good soul from God. At some
point, due to the sins of Saul, the good soul from God left Saul and was replaced with an evil soul
that would torment him. Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) teaches us that holy souls
or spirits come upon a human being when they are worthy of receiving one, and not everyone is
born with one. Furthermore, if a person with a good soul does not act properly, the good soul in
certain circumstances will depart the person and an evil soul will take its place. Another example of
a person losing his good soul is the case of Samson. Let us look at Judges, Chapter 16:


            When Delilah saw that he had told her everything, she sent word to the rulers of the
            Philistines, “Come back once more; he has told me everything.” So the rulers of the
            Philistines returned with the silver in their hands. After putting him to sleep on her
            lap, she called for someone to shave oﬀ the seven braids of his hair, and so began to
            subdue him. And his strength left him. Then she called, “Samson, the Philistines are
            upon you!” He awoke from his sleep and thought, “I’ll go out as before and shake myself
            free.” But he did not know that the Lord had left him. Then the Philistines seized him,
            gouged out his eyes and took him down to Gaza. Binding him with bronze shackles,
            they set him to grinding grain in the prison.11



10
     The Holy Bible, Book of 1 Samuel, Chapter 16, Verses 11-23
11
     The Holy Bible, Book of Judges, Chapter 16, Verses 18-21

                                                           152
                                       The transmigration of the soul


Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said that all success and good fortune come from the
good soul. It is what protects, guides, and grants good fortune. Without it, all of a person’s success
and blessings will be withdrawn and he will su er greatly. We see this is exactly what took place with
Samson in the book of Judges. Samson lost his soul because of his sinful lust, although it was later
restored brie y at the moment of his martyrdom. Others however were not as fortunate. Balaam
was a Prophet mentioned in the Bible and the Qur’an. God instructed him to bless Israel and he had
a soul from God. In Numbers, Chapter 24, it says: “When Balaam looked out and saw Israel
encamped tribe by tribe, the Spirit of God came on him.”12 However, the Qur’an makes it clear that he
lost his soul because he discarded the words and commands of God, and instead the good soul was
replaced with an evil devil soul: “Relate to them an account of him to whom We gave Our signs, but he
cast them oﬀ. Thereupon Satan pursued him, and he became one of the deviators.”13 The good souls
are bestowed upon humans when they have built the capacity to receive them. Once they have
earned this privilege, they must strive hard to maintain them. If they fail to maintain them, it shall
leave them.
      Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said to me one day, “Do you know how many were
the Prophets and Messengers that were almost erased and removed from the list of Prophets?”
      I said, “Three hundred and thirteen?”
      He (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, Moses was one of them and Jacob and Mohammed too, at the
end of his life.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) further clari ed that hundreds of Prophets failed, were replaced,
and lost their souls. For that reason, even the Prince of the Believers Ali (From Him is Peace) could
not guarantee himself until the very last moment, not until he was nally struck with the deathblow
and exclaimed: “I have won by the Lord of the Kaaba!” Before that, he was unsure of his state with
God.
      Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said to me one day, “Balaam ibn Ba’ura was
better than all the Prophets who are with you, and what was his condition? His end was nothing but
misery. The soul goes to the closest person appropriate for it, the closest to it. I will give you an example:
You have a 1950 model car and a 1990 model car, which one is better?”
      I said, “1990.”
      He (From Him is Peace) said, “But you are in the year 2018.”
      I said, “1950, the more expensive one.”
      He (From Him is Peace) said, “It is not a question of what is more expensive, we are talking about
the reality as it is, you have a model of 1950 and 1990 and you are in 2018. What is available for you
according to your ﬁnancial ability are these two cars, but in reality, there is better and that is the
modern one, and this is exactly the situation with us right now, the best did not come yet to the Daawa,
and this is what is available for us now.”
12
     The Holy Bible, Book of Numbers, Chapter 24, Verse 2
13
     The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 7 (Al-Araf), Verse 175

                                                            153
                                          The Goal of the Wise


   I said, “Meaning when a better person enters the Daawa, does that mean the soul of this or that
Prophet goes to that better person?”
   He (From Him is Peace) said, “Under one condition, if he does not safeguard this soul and does not
discipline his nafs/self, then yes, it will go, but if he ﬁghts his nafs/self that commands evil, then, of
course, God is Just and Truth, and it will remain.”
   I said, “What if in the future an Egyptian with the name ‘Abdullah’ comes who is better than me,
and he entered the Daawa and you loved him, and I had committed a mistake or I tired you like I did
before?”
   He (From Him is Peace) said, “My beloved son, and what is it that you have done and what is it
that I have done to you? My son, I am disciplining you and teaching you but giving you up, no. Do not
compare yourself to the rest of the people.”
   I said, “So you will never give me up no matter what? Is this a promise from you, O son of the
Messenger of Allah?”
   He (From Him is Peace) said, “I will never never never give you up as long as you do not give God
up.”
   I asked, “What is ‘giving God up?’ Apostasy? Intentional disbelief?”
   He (From Him is Peace) said, “It is losing mercy, what is mercy?”
   I said, “Yes.”
   He (From Him is Peace) said, “Ahlul-Bayt (PBUT). Who are the Ahlul-Bayt (PBUT)? God
Almighty. As long as you are with God, do not fear anything. I know with full certainty that you have
completely dissolved in the love of God and His Household, I have full, true, and ﬁrm certainty about
this.”
   I said, “Sometimes I fear that if I make a mistake, you will abandon me.”
   He (From Him is Peace) said, “This is wrong my son, do not think like this, confession of guilt is a
virtue. When the human being makes a mistake and then confesses, God Almighty forgives him, but
that mistake must be one that was committed unintentionally, meaning, one cannot go forth
committing sins and mistakes on purpose and then just expect that they can come and confess. That is
called hypocrisy, and you know that. Son, I am saying this to you only for one reason, so you can teach
this way of thinking to those around you.”
   I said, “But I have a request, Father, do not replace me ever or abandon me.”
   He (From Him is Peace) said, “You will be replaced in one condition only, if my Father and
Master Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) replaces me, and if Mohammed ibn Al-Hassan (PBUH
& His Family) got replaced. Only then I can not guarantee this for you. And it is an impossibility that
we be replaced, and if you have a diﬀerent opinion say it.”




                                                   154
                     Door Number Eleven


                    the Soul Family




 Ahmed Al-Hassan said: “The Mohammedan soul can replicate
itself into another twin soul which is an identical copy of itself.”
                                           The Goal of the Wise


             n Al-Haft Al-Shareef, Imam Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace) said: “Verily, God chose
             between the souls in the shadows and then made them enter the bodies, and if our Qaim
             emerges he shall make the brother inherit from the brother whom God paired him with in
             the shadows, and he does not make him inherit from his physical brother, know him from
that, and whoever knows him from that there shall not remain upon him a stronger proof.”1 One of
the great matters and signs that the Seventh Covenant has come with is the matter of the soul. Not
only are familial ties re-arranged according to the soul world but also the jurisprudence which is
implemented in the Seventh Covenant is based on the soul world. Jesus (PBUH) indicated towards
this soul family which would be implemented in the future. In the Gospels it says:


         While Jesus was still talking to the crowd, his mother and brothers stood outside,
         wanting to speak to him. Someone told him, “Your mother and brothers are standing
         outside, wanting to speak to you.” He replied to him, “Who is my mother, and who are
         my brothers?” Pointing to his disciples, he said, “Here are my mother and my brothers.
         For whoever does the will of my Father in heaven is my brother and sister and
         mother.”2

It was already revealed in the Holy Qur’an 1,400 years ago that true familial bonds are based on faith
and not on biological relations, for God said: “Verily, the believers are siblings.”3 And Imam Ali
(From Him is Peace) said: “Two true friends are a single soul in diﬀerent bodies.”4 And Prophet
Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) in the beginning of Islam set the basis for this new system of
familial ties when he set up the brotherhood system between the companions. Prophet Mohammed
(PBUH & His Family) paired between the Muhajireen and Ansar5 making it obligatory that each
one help his brother, to the extent that the two new brothers could inherit from each other. But this
condition was later abrogated with Allah’s saying: “But, according to the Book of Allah, the blood
relations have a greater right on one another”6 and it was delayed to the time of the Qaim/Riser and
the Seventh Covenant.
    One day Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said to me, “Son, do you see these people
here?”, pointing towards the buildings and people living in Badr, Egypt, across from home.
    I said, “Yes.”
    He (From Him is Peace) said, “Thirty years from now if there was to come someone and tell them
that marrying your blood sibling is forbidden by God, they will stone him.”


1
  Al-Haft Al-Shareef, Al-Mufaddel ibn Omar Al-Jo , Door 66, p. 129
2
  The Holy Bible, Book of Matthew, Chapter 12, Verses 46-50
3
  The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 49 (Al-Hujurat), Verse 10
4
  Mizan Al-Hikmah (Scale of Wisdom), Mohammed Al-Reyshahri, Vol. 2, p. 1582
5
  The Muhajireen are the early Muslims who migrated from Mecca to Medina, the Ansar are the people from Medina
  who supported the Messenger of Allah.
6
  The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 33 (Al-Ahzab), Verse 6


                                                      156
                                                the soul family


      I said, “So it will be allowed to marry your blood sibling as it was for Abraham and Sarah, Enoch
and Isis, and the children of Adam?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, what is not allowed is to marry your sibling in the soul
world.”
      I asked, “So are the family members from the soul world mehram7 on each other?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) replied, “Yes.”


Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said, “In the soul world there is a family tree, and I
will have you publish part of it in the future.” Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan was once asked: “What is the
meaning of the narration ‘Verily, Fatimah is nicknamed ‘the mother of her father’?’ ”8 The Imam
(From Him is Peace) replied: “It means that Fatimah Al-Zahra is the mother of Mohammed in the
soul world.”
      Attached in this section is a small part of the soul family tree of the Family of Mohammed, and
the Prophets and the Messengers (Figure 1). We see that Imam Ali and Fatimah Al-Zahra are at the
base of the tree. Imam Ali (From Him is Peace) has several sons, including Adam and Noah
(PBUT). Imam Ali and Fatimah Al-Zahra are soulmates. Prophet Mohammed has several children
in the soul world, including Michael and Al-Hussein and Mary, Mother of Christ. Al-Hussein has
three children, Joseph, Moses, and Zainab. Michael has three children including Al-Hammam and
Al-Yaman. Lady Layla, the soulmate of Al-Hussein, is the mother of Jesus in the soul world and
Jesus is the father of Eve, who is the soulmate of Adam. The soulmate of Jesus is Mary Magdalene.
Moses has children including Elias, whose soulmate is Nefertiti and who is the father of Joachim
and Solomon. Joseph, whose soulmate is Mary, Mother of Christ, has three children, from them is
Mary Magdalene. Al-Sadiq has children and from them is Abraham, whose soulmate is Sarah, and
who fathers Ishmael and Elisha. And so as you can see, the family tree of the souls is arranged
di erently than the biological families on Earth. And this is just a small sample of the soul family
tree which is too big to include in this Book and it is not yet time to reveal it in its entirety.




7
    Mehram refers to a member of one’s family with whom marriage would be considered haram (prohibited).
8
    Al-Khasa’is Al-Fatimiyah, Shaikh Mohammed Al-Baqir Al-Kajouri, Vol. 1, p. 126


                                                        157
                             The Goal of the Wise


Figure 1: Soul Family Tree




                                     158
                                                    the soul family


      One day I asked Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “My Master, your generosity
makes me greedy in regards to another question.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Go ahead, my beloved.”
      I said, “Men in this physical world are very attached to their sons. So how is the relationship
between the father and the son in the soul world? Is the relationship stronger?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) replied, “It is not any less than the physical, rather it is stronger
and better.”
      In explaining how souls beget other souls, Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said:


            Not every soul has a mother, but every soul has a father because the females were
            created from the males. And just as every human being in this physical world has a
            father, every soul has a father as well. And the father in the physical world is not
            necessarily the father in the soul world, for each soul has one father and we came to this
            world many times. And in each incarnation, the father and the mother and the
            siblings are diﬀerent. And this is the sign by which we know the Qaim, and it is the
            absolute proof of who he is, for Imam Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace) said: “Verily,
            Allah chose between the spirits in the Shadows then He made it inhabit the bodies. So
            when our Qaim emerges, he inherits from the brother that Allah partnered him with
            in the Shadows and he does not inherit from the brother from bodily/physical birth.
            Know him from that and whoever knows then there remains on him no further proof.”
            And we have come forth and the Qaim of the Family of Mohammed is now using this
            as a proof against everyone. And he is the one who knows your true fathers and your
            true siblings from the soul world.


      Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) further said, “And I have for you, my son, an
important piece of information regarding the soul. The Mohammedan soul can replicate itself into
another twin soul which is an identical copy of itself. I hope you understand this.”9
      I said, “Like Mohammed and Ali?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, and not just once, but rather at times multiple times.”
      I said, “Then, the Mahdis are the Imams’ souls or they are twin replicates of their souls.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “All thanks due to Allah, great job my son.”
      I said, “So some of the Mahdis are the Imams and some of them are not, but the ones who are not
are twin copies of the Imams.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Great job! Yes.”
      I said, “So then my Father, you are Imam Al-Hussein (From Him is Peace) and I am a copy, so
who am I the copy of?”
9
    The copy of the soul is an exact copy but lesser than the original in the same way that a person can use a photocopier
    to scan and print an exact copy of an image, but it is still inferior in quality to the original.


                                                             159
                                        The Goal of the Wise


   The Imam (From Him is Peace) replied, “Imam Al-Hussein.”


   One day I said to Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “My Father, why are there four
out of the fourteen Infallibles (Mohammed, Fatimah, and the twelve Imams) that are named
Mohammed and four that are named Ali?”
   So the Imam (From Him is Peace) responded, “Do you not know? Or do you know and wish to
know?”
   I said, “I don’t know anything except that which you taught me, you tell me, Father, I had a feeling
but God knows best.”
   He (From Him is Peace) said, “I told you before son, I hid many things in order to avoid certain
questions and to avoid exposing certain secrets.”
   I asked, “Was every Mohammed, Mohammed and every Ali, Ali (PBUT)?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) responded, “All praises due to God.”
   I said, “God is great!” eleven times, and the Imam (From Him is Peace) said it thrice.
   I said, “How great of a secret this is! How great of a secret this is! And Imam Al-Hassan (PBUH) is
Imam Al-Sadiq (PBUH) and he is also Imam Al-Hassan Al-Askari (PBUH)? And you are Imam
Al-Kathim (PBUH) and Imam Al-Hussein (PBUH) and Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From You is
Peace).”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) replied, “You are correct son.”
   And this is how we came to know the incarnations of the Family of Mohammed (From Them is
Peace).


Among the Incarnations of Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) are:


    1. Prophet Mohammed ibn Abdullah


    2. Imam Mohammed Al-Baqir (The Fifth Imam)


    3. Imam Mohammed Al-Jawwad (The Ninth Imam)


    4. Imam Mohammed Al-Mahdi (The Twelfth Imam)


Among the Incarnations of Imam Ali (From Him is Peace) are:


    1. Imam Ali ibn Abi Talib (The First Imam)


    2. Imam Ali Zainul Abideen (The Fourth Imam)



                                                    160
                                        the soul family


   3. Imam Ali Al-Ridha (The Eighth Imam)


   4. Imam Ali Al-Hadi (The Tenth Imam)


Among the Incarnations of Imam Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) are:


   1. Imam Al-Hassan ibn Ali (The Second Imam)


   2. Imam Ja’far Al-Sadiq (The Sixth Imam)


   3. Imam Al-Hassan Al-Askari (The Eleventh Imam)


Among the Incarnations of Imam Al-Hussein (From Him is Peace) are:


   1. Imam Al-Hussein ibn Ali (The Third Imam)


   2. Imam Musa Al-Kathim (The Seventh Imam)


   3. Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (The First Mahdi)


Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) also revealed that Prophet Mohammed (PBUH &
His Family), Imam Ali (From Him is Peace) and Imam Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) also have
incarnations as Mahdis in the same way that Imam Al-Hussein (From Him is Peace) does. He
(From Him is Peace) also revealed that some of the best Prophets and Messengers were sent in this
day and age as Mahdis, including the Ulul-Azm Prophets, or the Covenant Prophets (Adam, Noah,
Abraham, Moses, and Jesus). He revealed the names and order of the twelve Mahdis.


   -   The First Mahdi is Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) whose incarnation is one
       of the Imams, Imam Al-Hussein. The copies of his soul are his sons Joseph and Moses.
   -   The Second Mahdi is Aba Al-Sadiq, Abdullah Hashem, whose incarnation is Joseph. His
       soul is a copy of his father, Imam Al-Hussein.
   -   The Third Mahdi is Moses and his soul is a copy of his father, Imam Al-Hussein.
   -   The Fourth Mahdi is Adam and his soul is a copy of his father’s soul, Imam Ali (From Him
       is Peace).
   -   The Fifth Mahdi is Ishmael and his soul is a copy of his father’s soul Abraham, who is
       actually a copy of his father’s soul, Imam Al-Sadiq.
   -   The Sixth Mahdi is Abraham whose soul is a copy of his father’s soul, Imam Al-Sadiq.



                                                161
                                     The Goal of the Wise


   -   The Seventh Mahdi is Michael whose soul is a copy of his father’s soul, Prophet
       Mohammed.
   -   The Eighth Mahdi is Noah whose soul is a copy of his father’s soul, Imam Ali.
   -   The Tenth Mahdi is Al-Murtada whose children, Adam, Noah and Jesus are copies of his
       soul.
   -   The Eleventh Mahdi is Aaron Al-Sadiq whose incarnation is Imam Al-Sadiq and whose
       children and grandchildren Abraham, Ishmael, and Elisha, are copies of his soul.
   -   The Twelfth Mahdi Mohammed ibn Al-Zahra is Prophet Mohammed and his son Michael
       is a copy of his soul.


So we can see that the twelve Mahdis (PBUT) consist of the return or reincarnation of three
Imams, all six of the previous Covenant Prophets, in addition to Prophets Joseph, Ishmael, and
Michael (PBUT). Here is a list of some of the incarnations of each of the remaining Mahdis.


The incarnations of Aba Al-Sadiq are:


   1. Prophet Enoch

   2. Prophet Amid

   3. Prophet Joseph

   4. Prophet Jeremiah (Khidr)

   5. Alexander the Great

   6. The look-alike of Jesus

   7. Prophet Mani

   8. Jamblichus (One of the Seven Sleepers or Companions of the Cave)

   9. Abdullah ibn Abdul-Muttalib

   10. Malik Al-Ashtar

   11. Abdullah ibn Al-Imam Al-Hussein

   12. Abdullah Hashem


Some of the incarnations of the Third Mahdi are:


   1. Moses


                                               162
                                     the soul family


   2. One of the Seven Sleepers or Companions of the Cave

   3. Mohammed ibn Nusayr


Some of the incarnations of the Fourth Mahdi are:


   1. Adam

   2. Arnobius of Sicca

   3. Joseph the Carpenter

   4. Ali Al-Akbar


Some of the incarnations of the Fifth Mahdi are:


   1. Ishmael son of Abraham

   2. Ishmael son of Ezekiel


One of the incarnations of the Sixth Mahdi is:


   1. Abraham


Some of the incarnations of the Seventh Mahdi are:


   1. Archangel Michael

   2. Abel

   3. Aaron brother of Moses

   4. The good man cruci ed next to the look-alike

   5. Maximilian (One of the Seven Sleepers or Companions of the Cave)

   6. Salman the Mohammedan


Some of the incarnations of the Eighth Mahdi are:


   1. Horus

   2. Noah


                                            163
                                              The Goal of the Wise


       3. Isaac son of Abraham

       4. Job

       5. Pythagoras


Some of the incarnations of the Ninth Mahdi are:


       1. Ahura Mazda

       2. Jesus Christ

       3. Abdul-Muttalib the grandfather of Mohammed

       4. Aba Al-Khattab the companion of Imam Al-Sadiq

       5. Aba Al-Fadhl Al-Abbas the brother of Imam Al-Hussein


We are mentioning some of the incarnations and not all, because these are the ones that Imam
Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) has announced publicly at this time.
      One day Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) was asked, “I feel my family are alien to
me. I do not feel a connection anymore to my parents nor my siblings. It is as if they are total strangers.
They have no interest in what I have interest in. They have no similar beliefs nor do they understand
me after I have come to know all these truths in this Call.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) replied, “This is a normal part of spiritual elevation. When the
soul obtains more and more control over the body it begins to feel this way. It is natural. The biological
family is not the spiritual family.”
      And it reminded me of the words of Jesus: “Do not suppose that I have come to bring peace to the
earth. I did not come to bring peace, but a sword. For I have come to turn a man against his father, a
daughter against her mother, a daughter-in-law against her mother-in-law, a man’s enemies will be
the members of his own household.”10
      The rearrangement of families in the Seventh Covenant is a reality. For faith is what bonds us
and the Lord is our Father. And as Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) said: “O Ali, me
and you are the fathers of this nation.”11




10
     The Holy Bible, Book of Matthew, Chapter 10, Verses 34-36
11
     Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 36, p. 11


                                                          164
                    Door Number Twelve


                    the Reality of

      the Crucifixion of Jesus Christ




“No one takes it from me, but I lay it down of my own accord. I
have authority to lay it down and authority to take it up again.
         This command I received from my Father.”
                                               The Goal of the Wise


           The Cruciﬁxion of Jesus
           A certain man from Cyrene, Simon, the father of Alexander and Rufus, was passing
           by on his way in from the country, and they forced him to carry the cross. They brought
           him to the place called Golgotha (which means “the place of the skull”). Then they
           oﬀered him wine mixed with myrrh, but he did not take it. And they cruciﬁed him.
           Dividing up his clothes, they cast lots to see what each would get. It was nine in the
           morning when they cruciﬁed him. The written notice of the charge against him read:
           the King of the Jews.1


              esus the Messiah (PBUH) made it abundantly clear that no one takes his life from him,
              but rather he has the ability to lay it down and take it up again. This means that Jesus has
              control over his soul and when and how and where he can incarnate. There is much
              debate between Christians and Muslims over the account of the Cruci xion. Christians
believe that Jesus died on the cross for our sins, while Muslims believe that it was made to look like
he died on the cross but in actuality, he was saved and raised up to God. How exactly was it an
illusion and how was he raised? This is where Muslims di er and no one seems to have a precise
answer. Some early Christians actually believed that Jesus (PBUH) was never cruci ed and just like
Muslims, they believed the Cruci xion scene was an illusion. Here we examine what really
happened and how the di ering perspectives could be reconciled.
      Some of the Gnostic Gospels that were rejected by the early church go into detail concerning
this account, such as The Second Treatise of the Great Seth from the Nag Hammadi collection. In
this manuscript, Jesus (PBUH) says:


           And the plan which they devised about me to release their Error and their senselessness
           - I did not succumb to them as they had planned. But I was not aﬄicted at all. Those
           who were there punished me. And I did not die in reality but in appearance, lest I be
           put to shame by them because these are my kinsfolk. I removed the shame from me and
           I did not become fainthearted in the face of what happened to me at their hands. I was
           about to succumb to fear, and I (suﬀered) according to their sight and thought, in order
           that they may never ﬁnd any word to speak about them. For my death, which they
           think happened, (happened) to them in their error and blindness, since they nailed
           their man unto their death. For their Ennoias did not see me, for they were deaf and
           blind. But in doing these things, they condemn themselves. Yes, they saw me; they
           punished me. It was another, their father, who drank the gall and the
           vinegar; it was not I. They struck me with the reed; it was another, Simon, who bore
           the cross on his shoulder. I[t] was another upon Whom they placed the crown of thorns.


1
    The Holy Bible, Gospel of Mark, Chapter 15, Verses 21-26


                                                          166
                           The Reality of the Crucifixion of Jesus Christ


        But I was rejoicing in the height over all the wealth of the archons and the oﬀspring of
        their error, of their empty glory. And I was laughing at their ignorance. And I
        subjected all their powers. For as I came downward, no one saw me. For I was altering
        my shapes, changing from form to form. And therefore, when I was at their gates, I
        assumed their likeness. For I passed them by quietly, and I was viewing the places, and
        I was not afraid nor ashamed, for I was undeﬁled. And I was speaking with them,
        mingling with them through those who are mine, and trampling on those who are
        harsh to them with zeal, and quenching the ﬂame. And I was doing all these things
        because of my desire to accomplish what I desired by the will of the Father above.2


In this Gnostic account of the Cruci xion of Christ, we see that Jesus (PBUH) says that he did not
die in reality but that it was only in appearance, just as the Qur’an states: “And for their saying, ‘We
have killed the Messiah, Jesus, the son of Mary, the Messenger of God.’ In fact, they did not kill him,
nor did they crucify him, but it appeared to them as if they did. Indeed, those who diﬀer about him
are in doubt about it.”3
    However, the Gnostic account goes one step further to explain how it was an illusion. In this
account, Jesus (PBUH) states that although it was him who was punished and tortured, it was yet
another one who drank the gall and vinegar. Jesus states that it was Simon who was cruci ed, in
reference to Simon of Cyrene. In the Gnostic Gospel, The Apocalypse of Peter, Jesus (PBUH)
further clari es and says: “He whom you saw on the tree, glad and laughing, this is the living Jesus.
But this one into whose hands and feet they drive the nails is his ﬂeshly part, which is the substitute
being put to shame, the one who came into being in his likeness. But look at him and me.”4


                                       “I Remember It. I Know It”


One day after having a rush of memories come back to me, I was speaking to Imam Ahmed
Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) and I asked him about a section of The Second Treatise of the Great
Seth: “I visited a bodily dwelling. I cast out the one who was in it ﬁrst, and I went in. And the whole
multitude of the archons became troubled. And all the matter of the archons, as well as all the begotten
powers of the earth, were shaken when it saw the likeness of the Image, since it was mixed. And I am
the one who was in it, not resembling him who was in it ﬁrst. For he was an earthly man, but I, I am
from above the heavens. I did not refuse them even to become a Christ, but I did not reveal myself to
them in the love which was coming forth from me. I revealed that I am a stranger to the regions
below.”5 These are the words of Jesus (PBUH) in one of the Gospels of Nag Hammadi. In the Bible that

2
  The Second Treatise of the Great Seth, The Nag Hammadi Collection
3
  The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 4 (Al-Nisa), Verse 157
4
  The Apocalypse of Peter, The Nag Hammadi Collection
5
  The Second Treatise of the Great Seth, The Nag Hammadi Collection


                                                       167
                                            The Goal of the Wise


people read today, it is written that when Jesus (PBUH) returned and Mary Magdalene saw him for
the ﬁrst time, she thought he was simply a gardener and did not recognize him and she asked him to
point her towards the body that was there. In John Chapter 20 it states: “At this, she turned around
and saw Jesus standing there, but she did not realize that it was Jesus. He asked her, “Woman, why are
you crying? Who is it you are looking for?” Thinking he was the gardener, she said, “Sir, if you have
carried him away, tell me where you have put him, and I will get him.” Jesus said to her, “Mary.” She
turned toward him and cried out in Aramaic, “Rabboni!” (which means “Teacher”). Jesus said, “Do
not hold on to me, for I have not yet ascended to the Father. Go instead to my brothers and tell them, ‘I
am ascending to my Father and your Father, to my God and your God.’ ” Mary Magdalene went to
the disciples with the news: “I have seen the Lord!” And she told them that he had said these things to
her.”6
    Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes.”
    I said, “And in another Gnostic Gospel it states: ‘And I subjected all their powers. For as I came
downward, no one saw me. For I was altering my shapes, changing from form to form. And therefore,
when I was at their gates, I assumed their likeness. For I passed them by quietly, and I was viewing the
places, and I was not afraid nor ashamed, for I was undeﬁled. And I was speaking with them,
mingling with them through those who are mine, and trampling on those who are harsh to them with
zeal, and quenching the ﬂame. And I was doing all these things because of my desire to accomplish
what I desired by the will of the Father above.’ 7 Did Jesus (PBUH) enter into a body and then jump to
another body and then to another body, meaning his soul went from one body to another?”
    Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes my son, that is what happened without a
shadow of a doubt.”
    I asked, “Then the soul of the look-alike entered into Jesus’ body and this occurred at the moment
when Simon of Cyrene approached Jesus and lifted his cross.”
    The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “What do you say?”
    I said, “I say Jesus (PBUH) said ‘If anyone wants to follow after me, let him deny himself, take up
his cross, and follow me.’ 8 And no one took up his cross from the disciples. Only one man took up the
cross of Jesus in one famous incident. When Simon of Cyrene approached Jesus in order to help him, he
took up Jesus’ cross and this was the moment in which Jesus escaped and entered into Simon, and from
Simon to another body, and then another, and then yet another until he escaped. I feel it, I
remember it, I know it.”
    The Imam (From Him is Peace) clapped his hands and said, “Great job my son, great job. Great
job.”
    Aba Michael (PBUH) had said concerning the look-alike of Jesus:


6
  The Holy Bible, Book of John, Chapter 20, Verses 14-18
7
  The Second Treatise of the Great Seth, The Nag Hammadi Collection
8
  The Holy Bible, Book of Mark, Chapter 8, Verse 34


                                                       168
                               The Reality of the Crucifixion of Jesus Christ


            The look-alike was one of the disciples of Jesus, he is a martyr who sacriﬁced himself for
            Jesus the son of Mary (PBUH), just as Al-Hussein (PBUH) sacriﬁced himself for the
            Qaim (PBUH). He descended from the heavens and entered into the body of one of the
            companions of Jesus (PBUH).


In the Gospel of Basilides, Saint Irenaeus reports that Basilides taught that Jesus (PBUH) did not die
on the cross; but that the person cruci ed was, in fact, Simon of Cyrene. Irenaeus quotes
Basilides: “He appeared on Earth as a man and performed miracles. Thus he himself did not suﬀer.
Rather, a certain Simon of Cyrene was compelled to carry his cross for him. It was he who was
ignorantly and erroneously cruciﬁed, being transﬁgured by him, so that he might be thought to be
Jesus. Moreover, Jesus assumed the form of Simon, and stood by laughing at them.”9
      Simon of Cyrene, who was honored in the Bible as being the only man who carried the cross of
Jesus, was from the city of Cyrene. Cyrene is a city in modern-day Libya but was a part of Egypt
before Cyrene and the Egyptian empire fell to the Romans (Figure 1). So Simon came out of Egypt
and traveled all the way to Jerusalem. The soul of Joseph descended into this Egyptian man who
helped Jesus carry his cross. Then Jesus and Joseph switched bodies, the soul of Jesus went into
Simon, and the soul of Joseph, the substitute, went into the body of Jesus. The body of Jesus was
cruci ed with the soul of Joseph in him. Jesus escaped the scene through the body of Simon. The
look-alike of Jesus was the Companion of Egypt, Joseph.


Figure 1: Egypt in the 2nd Century BCE




9
    Adversus haereses (Against Heresies), Saint Irenaeus, p. 82


                                                              169
                                            The Goal of the Wise


                                    Prophet Joseph Is the Look-Alike


During his ministry, Jesus was accompanied by the souls of many Prophets and Messengers who
were learning from him. In the Gospels, it says:


         After six days Jesus took with him Peter, James and John the brother of James, and led
         them up a high mountain by themselves. There he was transﬁgured before them. His
         face shone like the sun, and his clothes became as white as the light. Just then there
         appeared before them Moses and Elijah, talking with Jesus. Peter said to Jesus, “Lord,
         it is good for us to be here. If you wish, I will put up three shelters—one for you, one for
         Moses and one for Elijah.”10


When the veil was removed (Ghashawa) from the eyes of the apostles they saw the presence of
Moses and Elijah with Jesus (PBUT). Is it not a logical conclusion to make that there were other
Prophets and Messengers who wanted to accompany Jesus and learn from him and speak with
him? It was in fact the case that Jesus, who was the dawn of God in Creation, was accompanied by
almost all of the major Prophets and Messengers in his time. One of those Prophets was Prophet
Joseph. Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said: “And Joseph ransomed himself for Jesus
and was cruciﬁed in his place and this is one of the reasons that made Joseph deserving to return as a
Mahdi.” Ibn Abbas narrates: “Verily the Messiah (PBUH) said to those from his companions with
him in his home: ‘Which one of you will be made to look like me and be killed in my place and be with
me in my same rank?’ ”11 So here we see, Jesus was o ering his companions a chance to be in his
same place and rank. And because Jesus’ rank is that of a Mahdi, the look-alike, Prophet Joseph,
who was cruci ed in his place also deserved to be a Mahdi. We know that Joseph in the soul world
is a grandson of Imam Ali (From Him is Peace) and Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family)
had made a Duaa12 that the look-alike of Jesus be a successor of Imam Ali. It was narrated that the
Prince of the Believers Ali ibn Abi Talib (From Him is Peace) said one day to Huthayfa ibn
Al-Yaman:


         O Huthayfa, do not speak to the people about that which they do not know, lest they
         transgress and disbelieve. Some of the knowledge is diﬃcult and hard to bear, if the
         mountains would bear it, they would not be able to. Our knowledge, the knowledge of
         the Ahlul-Bayt, will be denied, and called false, and its narrators will be killed and
         those who recite it will be subjected to abuse out of hatred and envy, due to the
         preference of God upon the Family of the vicegerent, the vicegerent of the Prophet

10
   The Holy Bible, Book of Matthew, Chapter 17, Verses 1-4
11
   Tafsir Ibn Abi Hatim, Ibn Abi Hatim Al-Razi, Vol. 4, p. 1110
12
   Duaa in Arabic means a supplication to ask God for something.


                                                       170
                            The Reality of the Crucifixion of Jesus Christ


           (PBUH & His Family). O son of Al-Yaman, the Prophet (PBUH & His Family) spat
           in my mouth and placed his hand on my chest and said: ‘O Allah, grant my successor
           and my vicegerent and the fulﬁller of my debt and the accomplisher of my promise
           and my trust and my guardian and the one who gives me victory over Your enemies
           and my enemies, and the one who relieves my calamity, grant him what You have
           granted Adam of knowledge, and what You have granted Noah of forbearance, and
           what You have granted Abraham of a good family and forgiveness, and what You
           have granted Job of patience in the face of tribulations, and what You have granted
           David of ﬁrmness when facing adversaries, and what You have granted Solomon of
           understanding. O Allah, do not conceal from Ali anything in this world until You
           place it all between his hands like a small table. O Allah, grant him the endurance of
           Moses and make in his lineage the look-alike of Jesus (PBUH).’ 13


So according to the truth behind the Cruci xion of Christ, Jesus the Messiah was betrayed by Judas
Iscariot, arrested by the Jews, taken to the Romans, beaten and tortured and then made to walk
towards his death on the cross. Jesus Christ was approached by Simon of Cyrene and his soul left
his body and entered into Simon. The soul of Jesus continued to jump and move from body to
body until he escaped Jerusalem. The soul of the look-alike left Simon of Cyrene and entered Jesus’
body and was cruci ed in Jesus’ place. So the body of Jesus was indeed cruci ed. In this sense, the
mainstream Christians are not wrong; however, in actuality, Jesus, the soul, was not cruci ed but it
was only made to look so. Another soul took his place. This matter further demonstrates the
concept of transmigration of the soul. The soul of Jesus was able to enter and exit out of several
bodies, including his own, without being born into them and without causing the physical death of
any of them. This is the true account of the Cruci xion of the body of Jesus Christ in which the
people di er.




13
     Kitab Al-Ghayba (Book of Occultation), Al-Numani, Vol. 1, pp. 142-143


                                                         171
The Goal of the Wise




        172
               Door Number Thirteen


  the Resurrection of Jesus Christ




“And he shall speak to the people when in the cradle and
when of old age, and (he shall be) one of the good ones.”
                                          The Goal of the Wise


                     he Resurrection of Jesus Christ is one of the most important topics in
                     Christianity. Christians insist it was a physical Resurrection of Jesus whereby he
                     returns from the dead after three days and emerges with his cruci ed body from
                     the grave. Muslims believe there was no Resurrection as Jesus was not cruci ed to
begin with and believe he was simply raised into heaven at the age of thirty-three, only to return in
the end times. The Christians use as evidence for their claim the biblical accounts where the
disciples nd the tomb empty and Jesus (PBUH) appearing to them. The Muslims use the Qur’an
and some hadith. But do the Bible and the Qur’an actually support the claims of Christians and
Muslims?
   One day I asked Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “Christians ask me, what is the
reason for the Cruciﬁxion? Was it in order to lift sin from the people as the Christians say and thereby
this erases sins or mistakes from mankind, or what was the Cruciﬁxion for?”
   Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) responded, “The Cruciﬁxion and the cruciﬁed
were a ransom and sacriﬁce and it is as they say, in order that the sins of mankind are forgiven, but
not all of them. And not all sins from the beginning of creation until the end. Only the sins of those
people who lived in that time. The sins of the believers and all those who were regretful but not the sins
of the criminals.”
   I asked Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “When Jesus (PBUH) appeared to the
disciples after the Cruciﬁxion it is written that he had markings in his hands from the Cruciﬁxion,
what is the meaning of this?”
   Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) replied, “This is not true, there were no marks
from the Cruciﬁxion in his hands or his body.”
   I asked, “What about your sacriﬁce in Karbala?”
   He (From Him is Peace) replied, “It is the same. And John the Baptist died for the same.”
(Meaning Al-Hussein and John the Baptist (PBUT) sacri ced themselves in order that the people
alive in their time be forgiven their sins).
   I asked, “Is this a matter which happens by the choice of the Proof of God?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) replied, “It is a matter which falls by the choice of the Proof of
Allah.”


                         Di erent Ages: Sabi, Fata, Shab, Kahil, & Shaikh


   I asked Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “What is the diﬀerence between a boy
(Sabi) and a lad (Fata) and a young man (Shab) and an old man (Kahil) and an elderly man
(Shaikh)?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) replied, “The diﬀerence from what aspect?”
   I said, “I mean the boy (Sabi) is from what age to what age?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) replied, “The boy (Sabi) is someone from age ten to ﬁfteen.”


                                                   174
                                     the resurrection of jesus christ


      I said, “And what about the lad (Fata)? There is no lad (Fata) except for Ali.”
      He (From Him is Peace) said, “The lad (Fata) is from age ﬁfteen to twenty.”
      I asked, “And the youth (Shab)?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) responded, “And the youth (Shab) is from age twenty to forty.”
      I asked, “And the old man (Kahil)?”
      He (From Him is Peace) said, “The old man (Kahil) is from age sixty-ﬁve to seventy-ﬁve.”
      I said, “Wow! And what about the elderly man (Shaikh)?”
      He (From Him is Peace) said, “The elderly man (Shaikh) is above seventy-ﬁve years of age and
onwards.”
      I said, “God is great! Now here lies a great secret! God said about Jesus (PBUH): ‘And he shall
speak to the people when in the cradle and when of old age, and (he shall be) one of the good ones.’ 1
Then in this case, Jesus (PBUH) remained alive on the Earth until old age, until his seventies, correct?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) replied, “Yes, continue.”
      I said, “Because people of all religions agree that Jesus (PBUH) was either raised or cruciﬁed at the
age of thirty-three. So where then did he go, my Father, and did he meet up with the disciples? This is a
huge topic and a big deal. The lost years of Jesus Christ post-Cruciﬁxion.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) replied, “You are correct my son, you are correct in every single
word you spoke.”
      I praised and glori ed God and then I said, “This by God is a topic that the Christian and
Muslim world will be amazed over.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) replied, “Yes, exactly.”
      I said, “My Father, what happened to Jesus after that, may I be your ransom, where did he go and
what did he do?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) replied to me, “Why don’t you come to know the answer? Just as
you came to know this. Not now, but go and reﬂect. You shall know and you shall see the events that
took place in that time, you shall see it with your own eyes.”


                              The Mystery of Jesus’ (PBUH) Body and Burial


      One day I said to Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “What happened to the body of
Jesus (PBUH) and where was his body buried?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) replied, “You would like to know where the body of Jesus was
buried or what happened to it?”
      I said, “Yes, and whether or not it was ever taken to the grave which Mary Magdalene visited.”
      He (From Him is Peace) said, “In the beginning his body was not taken to that grave. Jesus
(PBUH) was originally buried in another grave.”


1
    The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 3 (Al-Imran), Verse 46


                                                      175
                                       The Goal of the Wise


   I asked, “And then afterwards he was moved to the famous burial site?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) replied, “Yes.”
   I said, “So when Mary Magdalene came to the site, he was not yet buried there?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, he was placed temporarily in another site in order to
safeguard him, then later he was transferred to that famous site.”
   I asked the Imam (From Him is Peace), “What about the Talpiot Tomb that they discovered
recently that bears the name of Yeshua bar Yehosef?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) replied, “Son, that grave that was discovered is a lie. They made
it in order to divert attention away from the true grave because they are afraid of people uncovering
the body.”
   I asked, “So it was Simon Peter who buried Jesus (PBUH)?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) replied, “That is correct.”
   I said, “But the rest of the disciples didn’t know and also Mary Magdalene didn’t know?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) replied, “Yes they didn’t know.”
   I asked, “So Jesus (PBUH) had intentionally intended for people to believe that he was resurrected
from the grave?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) replied, “It was not Jesus (PBUH) but rather his disciples.”


                                 The Reality of the Resurrection


After the Cruci xion, Joseph of Arimathea and Nicodemus, two secret disciples of Jesus (PBUH)
went forth to Pilate and requested the body of Jesus. Pilate gave permission for them to take the
body away and they delivered the body to Simon Peter (PBUH), who was the vicegerent of Jesus
(PBUH). Simon Peter took the body of Christ and buried it temporarily in a secret location in
order that the Jews and Romans not de le his body. It was then that Mary Magdalene went forth
to the grave where everyone thought Jesus (PBUH) was buried, but she found the tomb
empty. The Gospels record that over the next forty days, Mary and the disciples saw Jesus a total of
ten times. In reality, he appeared to them a dozen times. Each time that he appeared to them, they
did not recognize him at rst. They thought him to be a mere stranger only to later suddenly
conclude that he was Jesus (PBUH).


Here are three of the accounts from the Gospels:


    1) Jesus appears as a gardener to Mary Magdalene:


        Now Mary stood outside the tomb crying. As she wept, she bent over to look into the
        tomb and saw two angels in white, seated where Jesus’ body had been, one at the head
        and the other at the foot. They asked her, “Woman, why are you crying?” “They have


                                                 176
                                      the resurrection of jesus christ


           taken my Lord away,” she said, “and I don’t know where they have put him.” At this,
           she turned around and saw Jesus standing there, but she did not realize that it was
           Jesus. He asked her, “Woman, why are you crying? Who is it you are looking
           for?” Thinking he was the gardener, she said, “Sir, if you have carried him away, tell
           me where you have put him, and I will get him.” Jesus said to her, “Mary.” She turned
           toward him and cried out in Aramaic, “Rabboni!” (which means “Teacher”). Jesus
           said, “Do not hold on to me, for I have not yet ascended to the Father. Go instead to my
           brothers and tell them, ‘I am ascending to my Father and your Father, to my God and
           your God.’” Mary Magdalene went to the disciples with the news: “I have seen the
           Lord!” And she told them that he had said these things to her.2


       2) Jesus appears on the road to Emmaus as a stranger:


           Now that same day two of them were going to a village called Emmaus, about seven
           miles from Jerusalem. They were talking with each other about everything that had
           happened. As they talked and discussed these things with each other, Jesus himself came
           up and walked along with them; but they were kept from recognizing him. He asked
           them, “What are you discussing together as you walk along?” They stood still, their
           faces downcast. One of them, named Cleopas, asked him, “Are you the only one visiting
           Jerusalem who does not know the things that have happened there in these days?”
           “What things?” he asked. “About Jesus of Nazareth,” they replied. “He was a prophet,
           powerful in word and deed before God and all the people. The chief priests and our
           rulers handed him over to be sentenced to death, and they cruciﬁed him; but we had
           hoped that he was the one who was going to redeem Israel. And what is more, it is the
           third day since all this took place. In addition, some of our women amazed us. They
           went to the tomb early this morning but didn’t ﬁnd his body. They came and told us
           that they had seen a vision of angels, who said he was alive. Then some of our
           companions went to the tomb and found it just as the women had said, but they did
           not see Jesus.” He said to them, “How foolish you are, and how slow to believe all that
           the prophets have spoken! Did not the Messiah have to suﬀer these things and then
           enter his glory?” And beginning with Moses and all the Prophets, he explained to them
           what was said in all the Scriptures concerning himself. As they approached the village
           to which they were going, Jesus continued on as if he were going farther. But they urged
           him strongly, “Stay with us, for it is nearly evening; the day is almost over.” So he went
           in to stay with them. When he was at the table with them, he took bread, gave thanks,
           broke it and began to give it to them. Then their eyes were opened and they recognized


2
    The Holy Bible, Book of John, Chapter 20, Verses 11-18


                                                             177
                                               The Goal of the Wise


           him, and he disappeared from their sight. They asked each other, “Were not our hearts
           burning within us while he talked with us on the road and opened the Scriptures to
           us?” They got up and returned at once to Jerusalem. There they found the Eleven and
           those with them, assembled together and saying, “It is true! The Lord has risen and has
           appeared to Simon.” Then the two told what had happened on the way, and how Jesus
           was recognized by them when he broke the bread.3


       3) Jesus appears as a sherman to the disciples:


           Early in the morning, Jesus stood on the shore, but the disciples did not realize that it
           was Jesus. He called out to them, “Friends, haven’t you any ﬁsh?” “No,” they
           answered. He said, “Throw your net on the right side of the boat and you will ﬁnd
           some.” When they did, they were unable to haul the net in because of the large number
           of ﬁsh. Then the disciple whom Jesus loved said to Peter, “It is the Lord!” As soon as
           Simon Peter heard him say, “It is the Lord,” he wrapped his outer garment around
           him (for he had taken it oﬀ) and jumped into the water. The other disciples followed
           in the boat, towing the net full of ﬁsh, for they were not far from shore, about a
           hundred yards. When they landed, they saw a ﬁre of burning coals there with ﬁsh on
           it, and some bread. Jesus said to them,“Bring some of the ﬁsh you have just caught.” So
           Simon Peter climbed back into the boat and dragged the net ashore. It was full of large
           ﬁsh, 153, but even with so many the net was not torn. Jesus said to them, “Come and
           have breakfast.” None of the disciples dared ask him, “Who are you?” They knew it
           was the Lord. Jesus came, took the bread and gave it to them, and did the same with the
           ﬁsh. This was now the third time Jesus appeared to his disciples after he was raised
           from the dead.4


In addition to those examples from the Gospels, I will supply you with an additional example from
the Gnostic Gospels. In the Nag Hammadi collection, a manuscript by the name of The Acts of
Peter and the Twelve Apostles tells us of another strange incident where it becomes abundantly clear
that Jesus (PBUH) was appearing to the disciples in new bodies every time they met.


       4) Jesus appears as Lithargoel the mysterious pearl merchant:


           [...] which [...] purpose [... after ...] us [...] apostles [...]. We sailed [...] of the body.
           Others were not anxious in their hearts. And in our hearts, we were united. We agreed
           to fulﬁll the ministry to which the Lord appointed us. And we made a covenant with
3
    The Holy Bible, Book of Luke, Chapter 24, Verses 13-35
4
    The Holy Bible, Book of John, Chapter 21, Verses 4-14


                                                             178
                        the resurrection of jesus christ


each other. We went down to the sea at an opportune moment, which came to us from
the Lord. We found a ship moored at the shore ready to embark, and we spoke with the
sailors of the ship about our coming aboard with them. They showed great kindliness
toward us as was ordained by the Lord. And after we had embarked, we sailed a day
and a night. After that, a wind came up behind the ship and brought us to a small city
in the midst of the sea. And I, Peter, inquired about the name of this city from
residents who were standing on the dock. A man among them answered, saying, “The
name of this city is Habitation, that is, Foundation [...] endurance.” And the leader
among them holding the palm branch at the edge of the dock. And after we had gone
ashore with the baggage, I went into the city, to seek advice about lodging. A man came
out wearing a cloth bound around his waist, and a gold belt girded it. Also a napkin
was tied over his chest, extending over his shoulders and covering his head and his
hands. I was staring at the man, because he was beautiful in his form and stature.
There were four parts of his body that I saw: the soles of his feet and a part of his chest
and the palms of his hands and his visage. These things I was able to see. A book cover
like (those of) my books was in his left hand. A staﬀ of styrax wood was in his right
hand. His voice was resounding as he slowly spoke, crying out in the city, “Pearls!
Pearls!” I, indeed, thought he was a man of that city. I said to him, “My brother and
my friend!” He answered me, then, saying, “Rightly did you say, ‘My brother and my
friend.’ What is it you seek from me?” I said to him, “I ask you about lodging for me
and the brothers also, because we are strangers here.” He said to me, “For this reason
have I myself just said, ‘My brother and my friend,’ because I also am a fellow
stranger like you.” And having said these things, he cried out, “Pearls! Pearls!” The
rich men of that city heard his voice. They came out of their hidden storerooms. And
some were looking out from the storerooms of their houses. Others looked out from their
upper windows. And they did not see (that they could gain) anything from him,
because there was no pouch on his back nor bundle inside his cloth and napkin. And
because of their disdain they did not even acknowledge him. He, for his part, did not
reveal himself to them. They returned to their storerooms, saying, “This man is
mocking us.” And the poor of that city heard his voice, and they came to the man who
sells this pearl. They said, “Please take the trouble to show us the pearl so that we may,
then, see it with our (own) eyes. For we are the poor. And we do not have this [...] price
to pay for it. But show us that we might say to our friends that we saw a pearl with our
(own) eyes.” He answered, saying to them, “If it is possible, come to my city, so that I
may not only show it before your (very) eyes, but give it to you for nothing.” And indeed
they, the poor of that city, heard and said, “Since we are beggars, we surely know that a
man does not give a pearl to a beggar, but (it is) bread and money that is usually
received. Now then, the kindness which we want to receive from you (is) that you show


                                           179
                                 The Goal of the Wise


us the pearl before our eyes. And we will say to our friends proudly that we saw a pearl
with our (own) eyes” - because it is not found among the poor, especially such beggars (as
these). He answered (and) said to them, “If it is possible, you yourselves come to my city,
so that I may not only show you it, but give it to you for nothing.” The poor and the
beggars rejoiced because of the man who gives for nothing. The men asked Peter about
the hardships. Peter answered and told those things that he had heard about the
hardships of the way. Because they are interpreters of the hardships in their ministry.
He said to the man who sells this pearl, “I want to know your name and the hardships
of the way to your city because we are strangers and servants of God. It is necessary for
us to spread the word of God in every city harmoniously.” He answered and said, “If
you seek my name, Lithargoel is my name, the interpretation of which is, the light,
gazelle-like stone. And also (concerning) the road to the city, which you asked me about,
I will tell you about it. No man is able to go on that road, except one who has forsaken
everything that he has and has fasted daily from stage to stage. For many are the
robbers and wild beasts on that road. The one who carries bread with him on the road,
the black dogs kill because of the bread. The one who carries a costly garment of the
world with him, the robbers kill because of the garment. The one who carries water
with him, the wolves kill because of the water, since they were thirsty for it. The one who
is anxious about meat and green vegetables, the lions eat because of the meat. If he
evades the lions, the bulls devour him because of the green vegetables.” When he had
said these things to me, I sighed within myself, saying, “Great hardships are on the
road! If only Jesus would give us power to walk it!” He looked at me since my face was
sad, and I sighed. He said to me, “Why do you sigh, if you, indeed, know this name
‘Jesus’ and believe him? He is a great power for giving strength. For I too believe in the
Father who sent him.” I replied, asking him, “What is the name of the place to which
you go, your city?” He said to me, “This is the name of my city, ‘Nine Gates.’ Let us
praise God as we are mindful that the tenth is the head.” After this I went away from
him in peace. As I was about to go and call my friends, I saw waves and large high
walls surrounding the bounds of the city. I marveled at the great things I saw. I saw an
old man sitting and I asked him if the name of the city was really Habitation. He [...],
“Habitation [...].” He said to me, “You speak truly, for we inhabit here because we
endure.” I responded, saying, “Justly [...] have men named it [...], because (by)
everyone who endures his trials, cities are inhabited, and a precious kingdom comes
from them, because they endure in the midst of the apostasies and the diﬃculties of the
storms. So that in this way, the city of everyone who endures the burden of his yoke of
faith will be inhabited, and he will be included in the kingdom of heaven.” I hurried
and went and called my friends so that we might go to the city that he, Lithargoel,
appointed for us. In a bond of faith we forsook everything as he had said (to do). We


                                           180
                        the resurrection of jesus christ


evaded the robbers, because they did not ﬁnd their garments with us. We evaded the
wolves, because they did not ﬁnd the water with us for which they thirsted. We evaded
the lions, because they did not ﬁnd the desire for meat with us. We evaded the bulls [...]
they did not ﬁnd green vegetables. A great joy came upon us and a peaceful
carefreeness like that of our Lord. We rested ourselves in front of the gate, and we
talked with each other about that which is not a distraction of this world. Rather we
continued in contemplation of the faith. As we discussed the robbers on the road, whom
we evaded, behold Lithargoel, having changed, came out to us. He had the appearance
of a physician, since an unguent box was under his arm, and a young disciple was
following him carrying a pouch full of medicine. We did not recognize him. Peter
responded and said to him, “We want you to do us a favor, because we are strangers,
and take us to the house of Lithargoel before evening comes.” He said, “In uprightness
of heart I will show it to you. But I am amazed at how you knew this good man. For he
does not reveal himself to every man, because he himself is the son of a great king. Rest
yourselves a little so that I may go and heal this man and come (back).” He hurried
and came (back) quickly. He said to Peter, “Peter!” And Peter was frightened, for how
did he know that his name was Peter? Peter responded to the Savior, “How do you
know me, for you called my name?” Lithargoel answered, “I want to ask you who gave
the name Peter to you?” He said to him, “It was Jesus Christ, the son of the living God.
He gave this name to me.” He answered and said, “It is I! Recognize me, Peter.” He
loosened the garment, which clothed him - the one into which he had changed himself
because of us - revealing to us in truth that it was he. We prostrated ourselves on the
ground and worshipped him. We comprised eleven disciples. He stretched forth his
hand and caused us to stand. We spoke with him humbly. Our heads were bowed
down in unworthiness as we said, “What you wish we will do. But give us power to do
what you wish at all times.” He gave them the unguent box and the pouch that was in
the hand of the young disciple. He commanded them like this, saying, “Go into the city
from which you came, which is called Habitation. Continue in endurance as you teach
all those who have believed in my name, because I have endured in hardships of the
faith. I will give you your reward. To the poor of that city give what they need in order
to live until I give them what is better, which I told you that I will give you for
nothing.” Peter answered and said to him, “Lord, you have taught us to forsake the
world and everything in it. We have renounced them for your sake. What we are
concerned about (now) is the food for a single day. Where will we be able to ﬁnd the
needs that you ask us to provide for the poor?” The Lord answered and said, “O Peter,
it was necessary that you understand the parable that I told you! Do you not
understand that my name, which you teach, surpasses all riches, and the wisdom of
God surpasses gold, and silver and precious stone(s)?” He gave them the pouch of


                                           181
                                           The Goal of the Wise


        medicine and said, “Heal all the sick of the city who believe in my name.” Peter was
        afraid to reply to him for the second time. He signaled to the one who was beside him,
        who was John: “You talk this time.” John answered and said, “Lord, before you we are
        afraid to say many words. But it is you who asks us to practice this skill. We have not
        been taught to be physicians. How then will we know how to heal bodies as you have
        told us?” He answered them, “Rightly have you spoken, John, for I know that the
        physicians of this world heal what belongs to the world. The physicians of souls,
        however, heal the heart. Heal the bodies ﬁrst, therefore, so that through the real powers
        of healing for their bodies, without medicine of the world, they may believe in you, that
        you have power to heal the illnesses of the heart also. The rich men of the city, however,
        those who did not see ﬁt even to acknowledge me, but who reveled in their wealth and
        pride - with such as these, therefore, do not dine in their houses nor be friends with
        them, lest their partiality inﬂuence you. For many in the churches have shown
        partiality to the rich, because they also are sinful, and they give occasion for others to
        sin. But judge them with uprightness, so that your ministry may be gloriﬁed, and that
        my name also, may be gloriﬁed in the churches.” The disciples answered and said, “Yes,
        truly this is what is ﬁtting to do.” They prostrated themselves on the ground and
        worshipped him. He caused them to stand and departed from them in peace. Amen.5


Here are three examples from the New Testament and one example from a Gnostic source of
incidents whereby Jesus (PBUH) appears to his disciples who always accompanied him, and yet
they do not even recognize him. How could this be the case? They lived with Jesus (PBUH),
learned from him, ate with him, and witnessed his nal moments; yet, none of them even
remembered what he looked like? While they nally recognized him through his words and deeds,
they did not recognize him by his physical body or voice. How could they not know what he looked
like or what he sounded like? There is no evidence that he was wearing a disguise even.
    The answer, in short, is that Jesus (PBUH) appeared to them in di erent bodies. The stranger,
the gardener, the sherman, and Lithargoel were four di erent human bodies that Jesus’ soul
transmigrated into. In Al-Haft Al-Shareef, Imam Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace) interprets the verse
of the Qur’an: “They ruin their own Houses by their own Hands and at the Hands of the Believers;
therefore learn a lesson, O those who can perceive!” He (From Him is Peace) said: “Their Houses are
their Bodies and the Body is the House of the Spirit.”6
    Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) further clari ed: “Certain souls reach a degree
that they can choose to enter into any bodies they want.” As the Qur’an says: “It is no fault on your part
to enter houses not used for living in, which serve some (other) use for you.”7

5
  The Acts of Peter and the Twelve Apostles
6
  Al-Haft Al-Shareef, Al-Mufaddel ibn Omar Al-Jo , Door 20, p. 33
7
  The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 24 (Al-Nur), Verse 29


                                                      182
                             the resurrection of jesus christ


Clearly, the Resurrection of Jesus Christ (PBUH) was one of the return of the soul or
transmigration of the soul from the body that was cruci ed to other bodies. Only the Proof of God
could have solved such a perplexing mystery that has confounded people of faith for more than two
millennia.




                                              183
The Goal of the Wise




        184
         Door Number Fourteen


    the Nature of Reality




“People are asleep, if they die they awaken.”
                                             The Goal of the Wise


                 mam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) entered and said to me one day, “My
                 son, I have a question for you. A question which I consider extremely important. What
                 makes you happy in this ﬂeeting world? Does anything in it make you happy? My
                 question to you is about this life and the world and I am not talking about religion.”
      I said, “No, by God, only when I hear from you or when I see the believers happy and well, other
than that, nothing makes me happy, not money nor a building nor the world.”
      So the Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “May God grant you success, my son. You know my son, I
have never been happy in my entire life, since my nails were soft (meaning since I was a baby).”
      I said, “Subhanallah (Glory be to God), my Father.”
      He (From Him is Peace) said, “Never, and I have never been happy about anything nor have I
been joyful over anything in it ever, no by God never, because I know it is only an illusion…”
      When the Imam (From Him is Peace) said this, I remember feeling choked up, and my eyes
burning due to the tears I was holding back from pouring down. I had an overwhelming sense of
heartbreak and grief. I had never in my life met anyone who had never been happy about anything a
single day in their life and I felt so much pain for the Imam. I could only imagine at that point in
my journey with Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) the burden he was carrying.


                        The World Is Like a Dream: “You Are Now in a Dream”


      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “…How old are you now, my son? May God protect you.”
      I said, “I am now thirty-two years old.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “What have you done all these thirty-two years? Can you
bring back a single second? You cannot bring back a single moment of joy or a single moment of
sadness. How many moments have you spent traveling and how much time have you spent eating and
drinking and how much time have you spent being married and having children and being sad and
becoming happy and going out and laughing and crying and working, all gone with time, where are
the fruits of it all? The fruits are only in good deeds, that is the only thing which shall save you, and
nothing else will work.”
      I asked the Imam (From Him is Peace), “My Father, when you say that the world is an illusion, is
the world like a dream?”
      So the Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Good job my son, may God bless you.”
      I said, “So it is like the Prince of the Believers (From Him is Peace) said: ‘People are asleep and if
they die they awaken?’ ”1
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, by God, my son, it is a dream, you are now in a
dream.”



1
    Al-Dorrar Al-Monthathira ﬁ Al-Ahadith Al-Moshtahira, Al-Suyuti, p. 197


                                                        186
                                              the nature of reality


      I said, “Sometimes I am more awake in my dreams and I am able to control the dream (lucid
dreaming)2, am I supposed to pay attention now or awaken now in this dream (this waking dream
called life)?”
      So the Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “This is a matter which you cannot reach until you have
certitude that you are in a dream, and if you awaken from this dream and become totally aware and
have certitude that it is a dream, you would die here (in this world).”
      Here I realized that the Imam (From Him is Peace) is stating that if we completely and totally
realize that this life is just an illusion and is not real, we would at that moment wake up from the
dream or illusion. This disillusionment would cause our consciousness to wake up somewhere else
and we would cease to exist here, i.e. we would die here.
      I asked the Imam (From Him is Peace), “Matters here in this world appear as if it is a video
game, when you say that the world or reality is an illusion, is it programmed like a computer with
numbers and codes, etc.?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) responded and said, “Everything is programmed in this universe
but it includes choices, programmed with thousands of choices and possibilities, you can choose the choice
that you want but in the end everything is programmed.”
      I said, “So you mean a video game like Atari or Playstation exactly like in the verse from the
Qur’an: ‘Know ye (all), that the life of this world is but play and amusement…’ ”3
      So the Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Just about, exactly, good job, you ended it with the best of
endings.”
      I asked, “At the time of death is the matter akin to taking oﬀ a virtual reality headset and the
deceased person suddenly realizing that it was all just a game or a dream and they ﬁnd themselves
suddenly standing in a diﬀerent body other than the one they were in within this world?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Great job, great job! Blessed you are, son.”
      I said, “So then this is just like in the movie ‘The Matrix’, and there is an architect to reality.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “It is an illusion but the people within it are in a test.”
      I said, “And what about the real world, is it like our world or is it a more perfect copy of it? Do we
have the same type of bodies there?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “No matter how much I describe it to you, you shall not be
able to grasp it, but one day I shall show it to you, this is a promise.”
      Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) revealed to me something extremely important
about our reality. He con rmed that in fact, our reality is a virtual reality program, that it is actually
not a real place but more like a computer game or program with every action and consequence
programmed with thousands of possibilities. He also revealed that although it is a game or illusion,
it has an architect and the result or outcome of our performance in this virtual world has
consequences on our reality in the real world.
2
    Lucid dreaming is when a person becomes aware of the fact that they are dreaming.
3
    The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 29 (Al-Ankaboot), Verse 64


                                                          187
                                          The Goal of the Wise


                               “Expect Goodness and You Shall Find It”


   I asked Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “I have a very important question, my
Father.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Go ahead, my son.”
   I said, “Since this is all a dream, are all of the people that we see in fact real human beings, or are
some of them not human or part of the illusion or program as well?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “I am going to ask you something, when you see a dream, is
it real or is it just a dream?”
   I said, “A dream.”
   He (From Him is Peace) said, “Well, have you ever been struck in a dream and then you woke up
and felt the pain from it? Or perhaps even falling on the ground?”
   I said, “Yes, by God, this happened to me about a week ago, I was going to ask you about it.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The answer then is yes, therefore it is real. But it is real in
this world. The reality of this world and the realm of this world is the lowest of all surrounding and
existing worlds. It is an illusion in the eyes of the rest of the worlds, but it is real in this world. You can
sit and talk with some people and think they are human, but they are not. Perhaps they are from other
species of creation, but you do not know.”
   I said, “So that means there are other creatures that shapeshift to appear in our image other than
the jinn and they are amongst us like extraterrestrials.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “You would not be able to diﬀerentiate them from normal
people but perhaps from the eyes or from certain behavior you would feel like they are not normal. And
sometimes you could have a conversation [with a person] but it is really you speaking with yourself and
you do not feel it or realize it.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) con rmed that just like in a video game, some of the people we
meet on a daily basis are avatars with players behind them. Others are non-playable characters, or
characters that are just created as a part of the matrix, people that are not really people but illusions,
just as the trees or the sky or the sand is an illusion. He also stated that otherworldly beings such as
angels, demons, jinn, extraterrestrials, and other species of intelligent life are capable of tapping into
the game and playing as a character, in most cases, playing as a human character but the
consciousness behind that avatar is non-human.
   I said, “What is this reality that we live in? Is it our thoughts? Or is it our thoughts aﬀecting
reality? Is it an illusion which is the product of our thoughts? There is a book called ‘The Mysterious
Stranger’ in which the main character Satan says: ‘Nothing exists save empty space—and you…. And
you are not you—you have no body, no blood, no bones, you are but a thought.’ You said that we live in
a dream or an illusion and dreams are the product of human thought, right?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes son, everything can be produced.”
   I said, “By thought?”


                                                     188
                                        the nature of reality


   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Not by thought. I shall give you an example, divine
inspiration or a sudden idea which comes to you.”
   I said, “What about it?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “This is the birth of things, you are the one giving birth to it.
Did you not hear, for example, ‘Expect goodness and you shall ﬁnd it’? And the opposite is true too.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) says here that although it is not our thoughts that have created
this matrix that we live in, we do through our thoughts, expectations, and ideas a ect to a certain
degree the events that we face in this reality.
   I said, “But I mean these faces that the people have, the colors and shapes that exist. For example, if I
look at the color green and I call it green, could Adam (PBUH) see it as orange? But in his mind
orange is called green? Or we say the same word and yet we are describing diﬀerent things. Do all
humans see reality in one way or do we each see reality through the lens of our mind and we each see
made-up images that our brains create?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Now, you may like a person and someone else does not like
him. Even though both of you met this person for the ﬁrst time and you both did not know this person
previously. Why do you like him and someone else doesn’t like him?”
   I said, “That is the question, are we both seeing the same thing and same person?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Each of you is seeing something, and not everyone is
agreeing on what they saw. That is the answer to your question, I mean, you are correct.”
   I said, “Subhanallah (Glory be to God), then reality is made up and seen through the lens of the
mind.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, I shall give you something small to think about until
we meet again. Does the human eye see things as they are or does it see what the brain interprets for it?
And is the person who lost his mind, the insane person, seeing like the sane person sees or does he see
other things? And why? Meaning, does an insane person see a red apple as a red apple or does he see it
as a hedgehog? And does the insane person know that he is insane?”
   I said, “Like when a person sees someone in the dark, and then he gets closer and sees it is only
clothes?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Think about it and contemplate and ponder over it until I
see you next.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) con rmed to me that base reality is di erent for every person.
Colors, matter, objects all look di erent to di erent people, and words carry di erent meanings
even for di erent people. That is why we have di ering tastes and di ering opinions.




                                                    189
                                       The Goal of the Wise


                    “I Am the World. Whoever Runs After Me Shall Fall”


Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) called me one day and said to me:


       Tell the believers to stay away from the illusion of this ﬂeeting world, for by God it has
       no value, so do not let it fool you. I shall tell you a parable that you can tell your
       brothers, perhaps they shall take heed from it. Once there was a lone son who had a rich
       father. One day the son went to his father and said to him: “My father, I have fallen
       in love with a young woman who is extremely beautiful and I want you to marry me
       to her.” So the father became very happy and he said to his son: “Let us go get you
       engaged to her, my son!” So the father and the son went to the house of the beautiful
       woman and when the father saw the young woman he became amazed and was blown
       away by her beauty and he liked her and became greedy and he said to his son: “My
       son, this woman is no good for you, for she is very beautiful and deserves a rich man
       who is able to make her happy. I shall marry her.” So the father and the son quarreled
       greatly and they went to the police station so that the sheriﬀ may judge between
       them. The sheriﬀ said to them: “What is the matter?” So they told him the story and
       the sheriﬀ said: “Let us then call forth this girl and ask her whom she wants.” So the
       sheriﬀ sent for the girl and when she arrived the sheriﬀ was stunned by her beauty and
       he said to the father and to the son: “This woman is no good for you, nor you, this
       woman can only be with a man who has authority, power, and money.” So he said:
       “And therefore I shall marry her.” So they all quarreled and they raised their voices
       and they were shouting, and the mayor of the city heard that there was a problem, so he
       asked that everyone come and be present in front of him in order that he investigate the
       matter. So all of the quarreling parties arrived, the father and the son and the oﬃcer,
       they all arrived at the mayor’s. The mayor said to them: “Let us see this girl that
       caused all of this.” So he sent for the girl. Upon her arrival, the mayor was shocked at
       her extreme beauty, and just like the rest, he began to quarrel with them all over this
       woman. All of the parties then went to the king and told the king of the country about
       what had happened and just like every time, the king requested that the girl be present,
       and when he laid eyes on her, he said: “She is not for you, nor you, nor you, no one
       deserves this woman except for the king of a country so that he may make her live like a
       princess.” So they all quarreled and it was here that the young woman said: “I have
       the solution.” They said to her: “What is your solution?” She said: “I shall run and you
       all run after me, and whoever catches me ﬁrst, I shall be his and I shall marry
       him.” So everyone agreed and the beautiful woman ran and they all ran after
       her. And suddenly everyone fell, the father, the son, the sheriﬀ, the mayor and the king
       all fell into a giant hole in the ground. The woman turned to them and said: “I am the


                                                  190
                                          the nature of reality


        world, and whoever runs after me shall fall into the grave while they do not expect it
        and while they are ﬁlled with sin.”


Then the Imam (From Him is Peace) said:


        So leave this world, my sons, for, by God, you shall not feel yourselves, and will
        suddenly one day ﬁnd that your life is over and you are old and full of sins and
        misdeeds, and there does not remain for you except that you get sick and face
        humiliation and suﬀering, may God grant you all success. Yes by God, it is a ﬂeeting,
        illusory world that has no value to it, and I say this because I see some people these days
        trying to chase after this beautiful woman, the world is like a woman wearing
        makeup, if she washes oﬀ the makeup, her faults and defects appear.


Because reality is not real, wasting our lives chasing it and worrying over it would be like a person
who sat playing a video game, and in the game the family of the character he is playing dies, and
then he spends his real life crying about the game. That would be a waste of life because it is an
illusion and not real. This world is the same, hence Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family)
said the world is not worth the wing of a mosquito to God.4


                                      “Within You Is the Universe”


    I said to Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “When you look through a microscope at
the cells of the body you see what appears to be worlds and creatures and planets and things that
resemble space and planets and stars.”
    So the Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Do you consider yourself to be a small entity while within
you is enfolded the greater universe.”5
    I said, “Subhanallah (Glory be to God), then the question is: Where are we Father? Do we live
within a cell of a giant body?”
    The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “It is a world within a world into inﬁnity.”
    So I was amazed and said, “Are we within a human being?”
    The Imam (From Him is Peace) responded, “You are very optimistic, what human? All of this is
within one small cell.”
    I said, “All of the universe is within one cell? A cell of what, my Father, may I be your ransom?”



4
  Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) said: “By the One who has the soul of Mohammed in His hand, if the
  world was worth a wing of a mosquito to God Almighty, He would not grant the disbeliever and the immoral even a
  sip of water from it.” - Al-Amali, Al-Tusi, p. 531
5
  A’yan Al-Shia’, Sayed Mohsin Al-Amin, Vol. 1, p. 552


                                                       191
                                              The Goal of the Wise


      The Imam (From Him is Peace) answered and said, “A cell on the back of a small mosquito that
no one cares about.”
      I said, “On the back of a mosquito?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes.”
      So I immediately prostrated to God a long prostration and I rose and said to the Imam (From
Him is Peace), “Wow! All of these wars and killing and everything that has occurred over power and
in the end it was all over a cell on the back of a mosquito! Wow!”
      So the Imam (From Him is Peace) smiled and then I said, “So is this the meaning of the qur’anic
verse: ‘God does not shy from drawing comparisons even with something as small as a mosquito or
what is above it…’ ”6
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) replied, “Yes, exactly.”
      I said in shock, “Subhanallah (Glory be to God), what is this greatness? This is without a shadow of
a doubt one of the greatest nights, how great are you!”
      So the Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “You are blessed, my son.”


                                “Raise the Word of God and Have Victory”


      I said, “Just as we have mosquitos in this world and yet we are inside a cell of a giant mosquito, are
there giant copies of us in that world in which the mosquito exists?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, there are.”
      I said, “Who are the real ones, us or them? What are they doing there? Is there a Rise and a Divine
Just State and all these things which we are doing here?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “My son, do not dive too deep into these worlds, it will make
you tired, leave these worlds and raise the word of God and have victory.”




6
    The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 2 (Al-Baqarah), Verse 26


                                                        192
                 Door Number Fifteen


             Light and Darkness




“The powers of light on high confuse all demons of wrath.”
                                       The Goal of the Wise


                     ani called himself ‘The Messenger of Light’ and Jesus (PBUH) had called
                     himself ‘The Light of this world.’ Mani (PBUH) had taught that in the
                     beginning, God created the world of light and that the realms of darkness
                     desired the light. God sent a Messenger of light to darkness but he was
consumed and his light was held hostage in the realms of darkness and was spread across all
things. So all existing things contain both light and darkness, or else without the light, not a thing
would exist and without darkness, it would be absolute light, and there is no absolute light but
God. Light is necessary for creation. Mani (PBUH) taught that the creator of this world is evil and
he created the physical world through stealing the light from the upper worlds of light. This exact
teaching was secretly taught by the Imams (From Them is Peace). In one secret narration, in the
book, Umm Al-Kitab, Imam Al-Baqir (From Him is Peace) discusses with his companion, Jabir,
the creation of the world and says:


       The High King lent Azazel light, and using this light he shaped his creations. In his
       image he made spirits. The King shouted about what he had done. Azazel shouted his
       creation of place, aeon, and spirit into being, and no one but the High King knows how
       many. The High King said to Azazel: “Old being, tell me who you are and what I am
       and what all these creatures are.” Azazel answered: “You are a god and I’m a god,
       and all these spirits both of us have made.” The High King said: “There cannot be two
       gods. You’re my creation. I’m the one who’s made these spirits, in fulﬁllment of god’s
       word; {I will create a person out of clay.}” Azazel said: “What I’ve made is more than
       yours; yes, I’ve made ten times more than you. How can you dare claim your
       divinity?” The High King captured Azazel’s light, saying: “These creatures you have
       made I made also. If I withdraw the gift I loaned you, how will you create?” He took
       from Azazel the light He’d loaned him and the creatures that had been made with it,
       and from it He made a dome of a white sea a thousand times larger than the blue
       dome of the earthly sky. He made 124,000 lamps, ﬂickering candles, and brightly
       burning lights appear, and painted palaces and castles out of white crystal in 100,000
       colors, and He adorned them with the ﬂowing rivers of the water of life and [He
       adorned] the riverbanks with the Tuba tree. In branches of the trees the royal phoenix
       sat, and in its shade were young men and boys. The white falcon, Duldul, Boraq, and
       the lion adorned this white sphere. On branches He created the wood pigeon, turtledove
       and nightingale, beautiful beyond description. {Nothing had been made like him. He
       is the one who hears and sees.} After the High King fashioned the white dome in all its
       beauty, He told Azazel: “Make another sea equal to the one that I have made.” After
       the High King said this, Azazel was shocked. He could not make such a creation. And




                                                 194
                                             Light and darkness



           as it is written, {Those who won’t believe are doomed to nothingness} and {God doesn’t
           lead those lacking faith in Him.} 1


      I asked Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) about Iblis (God’s curse is upon him),
“Did Iblis challenge the authority of God wanting to go to war with Him while he was a believer in
Him, or rather were Iblis’ actions due to his love for God and jealousy of Adam (PBUH)?”
      Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said, “If I told you that Iblis knows God’s ability
the most out of all of creation, do not be surprised. It was out of envy, son. Envy is a great evil that does
not leave anything except that it eats it. Envy in addition to love of power, authority, kingship, and the
ego all caused Iblis to fall.”
      I asked him (From Him is Peace), “What was his rank before he fell?”
      He (From Him is Peace) responded, “Do you know what the meaning of the name Iblis is?”
      I said, “Despair from the mercy of God?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “No, it is written like this (Ib-Lis) and not like this (Iblis),
‘Ib’ means fatherhood, ‘lis’ means creation, father of creation.”
      I asked him (From Him is Peace), “Did Iblis create creation?”
      He (From Him is Peace) said, “No, this was a name which the angels gave to him out of the
extreme love which they had for him.”
      I asked him (From Him is Peace), “My Father, increase me, why then was Iblis called the father of
creation, is it he who created physical matter?”
      So he (From Him is Peace) responded, “Let me ask you a question, what is the meaning of
Gabriel?”
      I responded saying, “The might of God or ability of God.”
      So he (From Him is Peace) said, “Good, what is the meaning of Shaytan/Satan?”
      I said, “I do not have any knowledge except that which you teach me.”
      So he (From Him is Peace) said, “Shay-Tan, Tan means clay, something from clay.”
      I asked him (From Him is Peace), “So then, Iblis created the physical bodies and Mohammed and
the Family of Mohammed (From Them is Peace) are the ones who created the light bodies?”
      So he (From Him is Peace) said, “Exactly, this is it son, and Iblis at this moment is happy that we
are talking about him, he sees and considers that he has done something great.”
      I asked him (From Him is Peace), “What is the cause or reason why he, out of all creation, had this
power?”
      So he (From Him is Peace) said, “Because he had the most faith of them all, and as you know, God
rewards that, regardless of what he hid within him.”
      I asked him (From Him is Peace), “Since he was the one given authority and responsibility over the
entire physical creation and all of the physical world, who took the place of Iblis when he fell?”

1
    Gnosticism in Islam, Heinz Halm, pp. 111-112


                                                    195
                                               The Goal of the Wise


      So he (From Him is Peace) said, “I shall tell you the truth, perhaps you shall be shocked, no one has
been able to take his place. I wish that creation understands the amount of danger there is in
mistakes, mistakes that take away good deeds. How serious are mistakes, a creature like Iblis and his
extremely high rank, and just look at how he fell from the highest of peaks to the lowest of lows. Think
about it and you shall ﬁnd it a very great and serious matter.”
      I asked Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “So no one, not Mohammed nor Ali nor
anyone was able to replace him in his position?”
      So he (From Him is Peace) said, “Not a single creature. He was extremely great, and he turned
into a clear enemy.”
      I asked the Imam (From Him is Peace), “Does he think that he can defeat God?”
      So Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) replied, “No, he knows that he cannot and he
knows this better than any other creature. Do you know that he cries every night, he cries in fear from
the punishment that shall catch up to him. His pride led him to this, speak to the people about this,
make them understand it.”
      So Mani and the Family of Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) taught that Iblis created the
physical world, and the physical world is divided into the children of light and the children of
darkness. The children of Adam (PBUH) and the children of Iblis. Since this realm that we are in is
the realm of darkness in which light is trapped, it is our mission to save as much light in it as
possible, in order that it may return to its source. Otherwise, light would be trapped in the darkness
forever. Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) said: “The world is the prison of the
believer.”2 It has been the goal of all religions, whether Judaism, Christianity, Islam or other
religions such as Buddhism or Hinduism to release the soul or the light within us and return the
light to the higher realms of existence, whether it be called paradise, jannah or nirvana.
      Prophet Mani taught that salvation comes through knowledge and through the victory of the
good light over the evil darkness. The material world is dominated by evil powers and the forces of
darkness which must be overthrown. Mani also taught that one could obtain more light through
the consumption of things which have more light, thus increasing the light within us. And vice
versa, through the consumption of things which have more darkness, we would increase the
darkness within us. Therefore, he was very careful about what he ate and established a strict dietary
regime for his followers. The light of the soul could be increased through virtuous acts, while eating
plants increased the light of the body. Consumption of animals was not bene cial as they only
contained small amounts of light.




2
    Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Majlisi, Vol. 78, p. 194


                                                          196
                                                 Light and darkness



                                   “Darkness Does Not Exist Without Light”


      I asked Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “Mani (PBUH) had written that the
juice of fruits was water or matter mixed with light, and that water alone was only matter. I have
found some Alawite narrations in which they call wine ‘Abdul-Noor’ 3. And wine is from fruits. Is it
true that it contains light?”4
      Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) replied, “Yes son, it is correct.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) further added that all things must contain some light in it in
order to exist and said, “Darkness does not exist without light.”
      Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said,


            Everything around you emits a certain amount of energy. Some of it is negative and
            some of it is positive, but in general the negative won’t aﬀect you unless you are
            constantly exposed to it. My son, for example, the crow and its nest, the crow carries a
            certain kind of energy and it secretes a bit of this energy from its body without it being
            aware of it. The crow does not beneﬁt from these secretions or energy but human beings
            do beneﬁt from it. Owls are the same, this energy concentrates in the nest of the bird
            and remains settled in the nest itself. Through touching the nest in a certain way or by
            keeping the nest the human being can take some of that energy, thus allowing certain
            parts of the mind or the edges of the soul to be released from its prison for a few minutes
            or perhaps a few seconds. During that time the person might be able to see some
            creatures or worlds other than this one and then once the energy would run out,
            everything would return to normal. My son, I will tell you something which no one
            knows except for the Prophets and righteous ones and whoever God willed that they
            know. Marijuana, heroin, hops, as well as other plants are thought by people to be
3
    Abdul-Noor in Arabic translates to ‘Servant of Light’.
4
    From Bashar Al-Shairi who said: “I asked my Master Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace): ‘Is wine permissible or
    impermissible?’ So he said: ‘O Bashar, as for wine, it is a light from our lights, so drink from our lights and eat from
    our fruits, and speak about our news, it is permissible for you amongst yourselves but impermissible for you amongst
    others.’ I said: ‘O my Master, clarify it for me so that I may hear it from you and not from anyone else.’ Imam
    Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace) said: ‘O Bashar, as for wine, it is a light from our lights, if you see a man drinking wine
    and his face brightens and his color shines and his angels calm down and there appears from him compassion and love
    and prayer for his brothers and speaking goodness and thankfulness for his Master, and he glori es (Tasbih) and
    magni es (Tahlil), then light would have met with light, because wine is light. And the light of that man is light, so be
    friends with him and seek him, for in him is some knowledge.’ ”
    [NOTE: The Imam (From Him is Peace) is clearly not advocating getting intoxicated, inebriated, or promoting
    gatherings of debauchery. He is talking about controlled and disciplined gatherings with fellow believers engaged in a
    state of love, remembering God, and sharing divine knowledge and wisdom that will ll you up with more light. We
    see the centrality of wine usage in previous Covenants. For example, the use of wine as part of the Sabbath dinner,
    and the consecration of bread and wine in the Eucharist. There is also mention of ‘heavenly wine’ in the Qur’an. The
    prohibition of debauchery and drunkenness under the Mohammedan Covenant was discussed in Door Number
    Seven of this Book.]


                                                             197
                                         The Goal of the Wise


        intoxicants and they do not know the reality of these plants. These plants carry great
        amounts of energy, some of them carry negative energy, others carry positive energy
        that can carry a human being to other worlds that are superimposed with ours. People
        will look at a person who was under the inﬂuence of these plants as being intoxicated or
        that he is unconscious or unaware, while in reality, he traveled to another world. The
        people around him think he is drugged up or drunk, but in reality, it is not the
        case. And when a person dies from an overdose it is because he actually traveled so far
        out to distant worlds that he cannot return from.


So here Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) further clari es that the light or energy
within certain plants or substances can transport our mind and soul to other realms. It is therefore
no surprise that a human being consuming light from certain plants or substances can also
transport their minds and souls from one reality to another. It is also the energy or light in these
di erent plants and substances that has the ability to cure or cause bene t to a human being. We
are not encouraging people to use any of the aforementioned plants or substances, but rather we are
talking about it from our religion’s perspective. We are saying that while people believe them to be
intoxicants, they are not, but rather the altered states of consciousness which the plants and
substances produce allow the person to travel into other dimensions and realities. A person is not
required to consume them as part of our religion, nor is he forbidden by God from doing so. But
Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) did emphasize that taking them is dangerous and
potentially lethal as it can result in the soul not being able to return to the body, after leaving to
another plane of existence. It is also true that a person under the e ect of these substances and
plants can attain higher understandings if done in a proper way. We encourage all those who read
this Book and know these truths to act responsibly.
   And although we are not promoting anarchy or the breaking of laws, we must say that the
so-called criminals of society will have a very important role to play in the religion of Imam Mahdi
(PBUH & His Family).
   One day I was talking to Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) and I said to him, “As
such are my people, many are former drug addicts, people that have done strange and bad things…”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “All of them are welcome, and I did not come for those who
grow their beards long and prostrate at length and pray all night and fast all day and make tasbeeh
[glorify God]. I came for the drunkards and fornicators and for the killers and criminals. It is
through them that I shall raise the religion.”


And all praises due to Allah Lord of the Worlds.




                                                  198
                                             Light and darkness



“The disbelieving chiefs of his people said, ‘We see you only as a human being like ourselves, and we see
that no one follows you except the lowliest among us, who do so ˹hastily˺ without thinking. We do not
see anything that makes ˹all of˺ you any better than us. In fact, we think you are liars.’ ”5




5
    The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 11 (Hud), Verse 27


                                                    199
The Goal of the Wise




        200
Door Number Sixteen


the Human Ego




  “Deny your self.”
                                         The Goal of the Wise


                  he human ego, known as the ‘I’, the ‘self’, the ‘ana’, or the ‘nafs’ is a villain in most
                  religions. It is the great evil force that causes us to fall. We have heard Jesus
                  (PBUH) say “Deny your self,”1 and Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) say, “The
                  greatest jihad is against one’s own self,”2 and we have heard Imam Ali (From Him is
Peace) say, “Every person’s devil is his own self.”3 Every Prophet and Messenger to ever walk the
Earth has taught a doctrine of self-denial or             ghting against the self, evil inclinations, or
annihilating the ego. However, what is “the self” exactly?


Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said about the self (nafs):


        The self is created by our works. We make it good or evil. It is our deeds that discipline
        it, and the self resides in the chest area. It is something which we feel but do not
        see. Have you ever felt it? Do you feel something in your chest? Whenever you hear good
        news or upsetting news do you place your hands on your chest involuntarily? Are you
        the type of person who places his hand on his head or on his chest when he hears a news
        which makes him happy or saddens him? Or whenever he hears news he strikes his
        thighs?


The Imam (From Him is Peace) continued to expand on how one can evaluate which aspect is
stronger, the self or the soul, from our involuntary movements:


        Whoever strikes their head, that means that their soul is stronger than their self. And
        whoever’s self and soul are equal in strength strikes his thighs in these conditions. And
        whoever has a self that is stronger than his soul will strike their chest. And the self is the
        formation of the senses, it is formed by the sense of hearing, sight, touching, and
        tasting. It is from these senses that the self begins to form and then the self is divided
        into two parts:


         1. The Good Self


         2. The Evil Self


        For example, if you speak something which is haram or forbidden, then you are feeding
        the bad self. If you hear something forbidden or look at something which is forbidden,

1
  The Holy Bible, Book of Matthew, Chapter 16, Verse 24
2
  Mizan Al-Hikmah (Scale of Wisdom), Mohammed Al-Reyshahri, Vol. 1, p. 453
3
  Sharḥ Nahj Al-Balāgha, Ibn Abi Al-Hadid, Vol. 20, p. 292



                                                    202
                                                    The human ego


           it will all be food for the evil self. The opposite of that is true for the good self until you
           reach a point where you either grow the good self by your deeds or your bad self by your
           deeds, and one of them shall be victorious over the other and will control the other. And
           the result is known in both cases. Good deeds are more powerful, meaning the eﬀect
           that a good deed has on the good self is more powerful than the eﬀect that an evil deed
           has on the bad self. This means that if the good self receives two degrees by one deed, the
           bad self would receive one degree with two evil deeds. ‘O mankind, fear your Lord, who
           created you from one self and created from it its mate and dispersed from both of them
           many men and women.’4 The self here and its mate are the good self and the evil self,
           and not all creatures have a self. This means that there are humans who do not have
           selves and only have souls. For the verse said: ‘many men and women’ and it did not
           say ‘all men and women,’ rather He speciﬁed that a large group has a self. The soul
           also is aﬀected by our deeds, and even if there is only a minority that have only souls
           with no self, that does not mean they are better. The minority that do not have a self
           are the angels who have become humans and this is something we have today. We have
           Gabriel and Michael and Raphael (PBUT) and they have incarnated in human
           form and they are between us and are present in all ages.


                       Di erences Between the Self, Reassured Self, and the Soul


      I asked Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) about the di erence between the self and
the soul.
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) responded, “The soul is what reincarnates, when a person dies
what dies of him? The body dies, and the soul has characteristics which remain with it and accompany
it from body to body.”
      I asked the Imam (From Him is Peace), “Then the self dies with the body, correct?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, only the reassured self does not die.”
      I said, “What is the reassured self, may I be your ransom?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) replied, “The reassured self is this cluster of all the feelings and
emotions which is inside every creature. The reassured self is the self which is in a state of harmony
with the pure soul that inhabits the same body which it inhabits. It is called the reassured self because it
is reassured with the pure soul in its body.”
      So I said, “Then it is the evil self that dies?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The self which is not reassured has no value.”
      I asked, “So what is the thing that lives forever in punishment if the evil self dies and disappears
from existence?”


4
    The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 4 (Al-Nisa), Verse 1


                                                         203
                                          The Goal of the Wise


    The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The soul is what lives forever in punishment.”
    I asked, “And what lives forever in heaven is the reassured self?”
    The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “No, it is the soul, and it is accompanied by the reassured
self, they unite and become one, the Lord of the self is the soul: ‘O reassured self! Return to your Lord,
well-pleased and pleasing [to Him].’ ”5
    I asked the Imam (From Him is Peace), “If the soul is the Lord of the self, what about the two
angels who write down our good deeds and bad deeds?”
    The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Let me correct a piece of information for you. Do you know
who these two angels are? They are two ears and two eyes, two lips, and two hands, two feet and two
testicles, those are the ones whom people think are angels, they are your senses. The right senses record the
good deeds which you do and the left senses record the evil deeds which the human does. ‘Do you
consider yourself to be a small entity while within you is enfolded the greater universe?’ 6 Peace be upon
you O Prince of the Believers Ali ibn Abi Talib. I shall discipline you, my son, you shall be a great
leader, knowledgeable, powerful and strong and courageous, insightful, and wise. Verily, God has
made the human being a witness upon his own self and a watcher over his own self. And God made
the body of the human being a witness upon itself.”
    I said, “Glory be to God, at the same time, God covers up the sins of every person from everyone
except their own selves.”
    The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Good job, verily God is Merciful and covering of mistakes.”
    I asked about the following hadith, “When God created the self, he asked it: ‘Who am I?’ So the
self responded: ‘Who am I?’ ”7
    Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) responded and said, “When God created the self,
He said to it ‘O self, who am I?’ And the self replied ‘Me.’ ”
    And from here we know that when the self was rst created it thought it was God. Imam
Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said: “The true believer makes his soul victorious over the self.
Teach the believers that if one of their brothers makes a mistake, let them be the ﬁrst to apologize even
if they were not at fault.”


                            Discipline Is More Important Than Knowledge


The Imam (From Him is Peace) talks about the critical importance of morals, manners, and ethical
discipline that will be necessary for all the challenges facing humanity. These teachings are the
foundation of any divinely guided community:




5
  The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 89 (Al-Fajr), Verses 27-28
6
  A’yan Al-Shia’, Sayed Mohsin Al-Amin, Vol. 1, p. 552
7
  Mashareq Anwar Al-Yaqeen, Al-Ha z Rajab Al-Borsi, p. 21


                                                     204
                                            The human ego


        Teach them these great manners, discipline them and prepare them for what’s coming.
        I need such a community, discipline is more important than knowledge. Morals and
        manners are above all. Knowledge can be given to someone at any time but if a person
        is raised wrong then it is very diﬃcult to correct them. It is like a tree which grows
        crooked, correcting that and making the tree straight is very diﬃcult. Discipline is
        more important than everything, and learning how to expect good and elevate in
        dealing with others, and how to be the perfect reﬂection of this religion and perfect
        image of Ahmed Al-Hassan to the people. This is greater and more important than
        anything else they learn.


        Teach them…


             1. Teach them how the believer amongst them should be ready to sleep on the
                 dust of the ground in order that their brother or sister sleeps on a bed, and how
                 the believer does not eat before he has checked to make sure that his brother or
                 sister have eaten, or that food is available for them.


             2. Teach them how each of them should prefer the other over their own selves.


             3. Teach them how they should be like a solid building and how one should be
                 for all and all for one.


             4. Teach them how to disintegrate and love human beings.


             5. Teach them that my brother comes ﬁrst and I come last.


             6. Teach them that loving one’s self is disbelief and loving others is goodness and
                 faith.


                            Evaluating the Self: Give Victory to the Soul


The following dialogue focuses on how to self-assess and evaluate one’s own moral character. More
importantly, the Imam (From Him is Peace) provides methods for giving victory to one’s soul.
   I asked Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “How can a person know if it is his self
which is in control or his soul?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Whenever something happens which instigates the self, do
anything to crush it. Crush it with your feet. Push and push, and you shall be relieved immediately



                                                    205
                                         The Goal of the Wise


afterwards. If you do this and feel at peace, then know that the soul has crushed the self. And you shall
feel peace and reassurance, and the opposite is true.”
   I said, “Then the goal that we have in this world is to ﬁght one’s self and abandon it.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “My son, as soon as the people abandon selﬁshness and as
soon as they prefer others over their own selves, the world shall be a world of light, and you shall not
ﬁnd in it a single poor person or needy person or hungry person or scared person. That is the most
important thing for humans to do. To prefer others over their own selves. My brother ﬁrst. My sister
ﬁrst.”
   I said, “I, the one who is speaking to you, and sometimes jokes, and I have certain characteristics
and traits, and certain moods, what is this, the self or the soul or the body?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The self and human senses.”
   I said, “Well what else then remains of me?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Your soul is diﬀerent, you shall see the diﬀerence during the
Rise. You shall change, and the soul will be the only one operating and you shall be very harsh with no
mercy.”
   I said, “Then, mercy with the disbelievers is from the self, and mercy towards the believers and
harshness with the disbelievers is from the soul.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “It is from the self which has been raised upon certain
human understandings, and each according to their environment in which they were raised. You shall
see for yourself. You won’t forgive even the smallest of things and you will not return to your natural
state until after that time passes.”
   I said, “So in general, when the human being passes away, what is it that travels to the other side?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The soul.”
   I said, “And the self completely dissipates?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The body disintegrates.”
   I said, “So for example, is it like when a person is playing a video game, the main character or
avatar whom we are playing, it has a body and personality in the game, and we are the ones moving
and controlling it?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, great job!”
   I said, “And when the game is over, the only thing remaining is the person playing the game.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “You have now given the best of examples and most
accurate.”
   I said, “And then you ﬁnd the human being sometimes saying some words or imitating some moves
from what the character in the game used to say or do, meaning the gamer is inﬂuenced by the game a
little bit. But other than that, the character remains only as a memory in the mind of the gamer.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Exactly. And the soul cannot be overpowered, if the soul is
annoyed by the self, the soul leaves, it goes away. We are speaking about the good soul in this case.”
   I said, “What about the bad soul? Does it continue enjoying the video game in a drunken state?”


                                                     206
                                             The human ego


   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The evil soul is the one who disﬁgures the self more and
more. And as such this disﬁgurement of the self is more and more reﬂected through the creature’s
actions.”
   I said, “When the good soul leaves a body, is it replaced by an evil soul or could it hypothetically
speaking remain an empty vessel?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “It’s not always the case that the good soul is replaced with
an evil one.”
   I said, “So in the end then, would the existence of this person with no soul, who is just a self and a
body, upon death, just end without there being for it hellﬁre or anything?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The body has a special punishment, it can return as an
animal or insect, as I have previously informed you.”
   I said, “Then Maskh is the return of the body or the re-creation of the body as an animal?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Maskh is the reincarnation of the evil soul in the body of
the person who became a maskh, meaning from the same clay or the same materials which previously
decomposed.”
   I said, “So if the soul went out of a person and it wasn’t replaced with an evil soul and then the
person died with no soul, he was only at that point a body and a self, do they have a special
punishment or is the punishment the cessation of existence?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, you could say that, but if we really delve into it, he
would be tormented ﬁrst and he would take what he deserves.”
   I said, “Glory be to God. And is everyone who is killed at the hands of a Mahdi someone with a
soul?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “For sure they are an evil soul and a ﬁlthy self and they will
never ever have any intercession accepted for them.”
   I said, “So these souls are worse than Iblis?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, they are worse.”
   I said, “God’s curse is upon them.”


                          Dimethyltryptamine (DMT) “Spirit Molecule”


   One day I asked Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “There is a substance called
DMT that is present in everything alive, plants, animals, human beings. It is said that this substance
is released by the brain when we dream or at death and that it causes hallucinations as well. People
who have used DMT remember feeling as if their souls are going out of their bodies and they see other
worlds which they cannot understand and they see creatures which talk to them. They call it the “Spirit
Molecule.” Is this substance the connecting substance between worlds, my Father? And does our brain
naturally release it when we are in deep meditative states?”



                                                    207
                                         The Goal of the Wise


   The Imam (From Him is Peace) replied and said, “It is the opening that we spoke about. It is
elevation, and as you said, it is the connecting substance.”
   I said, “It is very powerful and makes you feel as if you are dying in the beginning, and then
suddenly you ﬁnd yourself in space, in other worlds. What are these creatures, my Father, are they
souls? Are they people who have not incarnated yet?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “All creatures have DMT in them in varying amounts. For
example, you have a lot of it in you whilst someone else has a small amount. You have a lot and other
than you have a little, all in accordance.”
   I asked, “So depending on the amount already within my body, if I took DMT for example, the
eﬀect would be larger than a person who had a little amount in their body?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “It depends on the spiritual, psychological and moral
condition of the human being, and upon his beliefs and his faith and certitude. Here is an example
between your hands, two rubber balloons, one of them is small while the other is large. If you put an
amount of air in the large one and it expands to its maximum, then you put the same amount of air
into the small balloon, what will happen?”
   I said, “It will explode.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Exactly, it is as such exactly with this substance [DMT].”
   I said, “And the world which we transport to is the world of the dead?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “It depends. Perhaps you would go to the world of the
living.”
   I said, “So, it is a portal to go to whatever frequency the person is vibrating at.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) replied, “Exactly.”




                                                    208
           Door Number Seventeen


            The Archangels




“Indeed if We had sent an angel as a Messenger,
We would still have sent him in the form of a man,
        so increasing their confusion.”
                                          The Goal of the Wise


                   cross all the Abrahamic religions as well as other religious traditions, there are
                   beings of high rank and status who carry out divine mandates, responsibilities,
                   and functions. These beings of high rank and status are known as archangels in
                   the Abrahamic religions. Archangels deliver messages, protect us in dangerous
situations, and are very much a part of our everyday lives whether we are aware of them or not.


                                The Guardian of the House (PBUH)


One day one of the believers traveled from Egypt to Iraq, and he had with him an amount of
money. While he was in the inspection area of the airport before boarding the ight, the travelers
were all pulling their money out of their pockets and out of their bags and the airport security was
checking the amounts they had. When our brother Hussein reached the inspection point, the
employee asked him, “What is this?”
   Hussein responded, “This is money.”
   The employee said to him, “This is not allowed, this is considered money laundering and there is a
penalty for this under Egyptian law.”
   So Hussein said, “If you hold me to account over this, you shall never see a happy day in your life,
and the Almighty shall hold you to account in this world before the next and sooner rather than later.”
   So Hussein said, “The employee was ﬁlled with fear and froze like a statue.”
   Hussein then said to him, “I seek refuge with God from the anger of God.”
   So the employee said to him, “Wait here for a moment.”
   So then he called another employee and said to him, “Stay here in my place.”
   Then the employee turned to Hussein and said to him, “Follow me, I shall walk you out of the
second inspection point because if not, they shall arrest you over this.”
   So Hussein followed the employee until he took him to the safe zone, and before Hussein left,
the employee said to him, “Where is the man that was with you?”
   So Hussein said, “What man?”
   The employee said, “The one with the long beard and long blond hair.”
   So Hussein said, “He is a soldier from the soldiers of God, and I do not have with me except my
Lord.”
   Hussein later narrated, “The man was shocked, amazed, and terriﬁed and he would take a step
forward and then turn around and look at me with his eyes full of tears.”
   Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said, “(The blond man) was an angel by the name
of ‘Guardian of the House’ and he stands with the believers during extreme hardships and whenever
there is danger around. And this is the protection of the most Beneﬁcent and most Merciful.”
   So I asked the Imam (From Him is Peace), “My Father, do the angels come to you while you
command them and see them and speak to them?”



                                                    210
                                                    The archangels


      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes my son, that is true, and Azrael as well, by the
preference of God upon me.”
      I asked him (From Him is Peace), “Are there any angels guarding us now in Egypt like the
Guardian of the House?”
      He (From Him is Peace) responded, “Do not say one angel, rather say hundreds, your house now
has dozens, your home alone, blessed is that house. It is good that this topic was opened, I want to tell
you to always let them hear the Qur’an, just as you need food and drink, they are like you, they need
their food and their drink and that is the Qur’an. Do not allow anyone to listen to songs, God
forbid. Songs bring about poverty and cut sustenance and feed the evil nafs and give it power over the
good nafs, and if you enter your home send your greetings to them and if one of them speaks to you, you
shall hear him in your heart.”1
      There happened with me a similar situation during my exodus from Egypt. And that was in the
month of April in the year 2017. I had with me my daughter Maleeka, my wife, and Ali
Al-Ghorai . When I reached the passport control area, I handed my passport over to the police
o cer at the counter. As he entered my information into the system, an alarm sound came from his
computer and it was written on the screen: “Abdullah Hashem –Wanted Immediately” in red.
      I knew then that they intended to arrest me, and the o cer picked up the phone and called for
backup to come and he said to me: “Stay where you are and don’t move.” Suddenly a man came
wearing an Egyptian police uniform and he said to me: “Come with me.” And in complete silence
he took me to safety and left in total silence.
      When I reached Sweden, I told Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) about what
happened, and he told me: “That was a soldier from my soldiers, I had sent him to you in order that
he saves you because you were wanted by the Egyptian intelligence and security agencies. Egypt is done
for you until you return to it, opening it and sitting on its throne.”


                                                     The Sky Giants


One day I was standing with Alireza and another believer, and we saw in the sky two bright lights
that looked like two stars. They were still but they were not part of any constellation. They
remained still for thirty seconds as we gazed upon them. I said to Alireza and the other believer:
“Those stars are not usually part of the night sky and do not belong to any known constellation.”
Suddenly, the two star-like lights moved simultaneously, slowly and then they sped up and
disappeared within a matter of seconds in front of our eyes.



1
    Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said concerning music: “There is no problem with music, but the type
     of music which is used in songs is forbidden.” He later clari ed: “The types of songs which the people of disbelief and
     transgression dance to.”



                                                             211
                                         The Goal of the Wise


   Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said, “They are ‘the Sky Giants’ or ‘Giants of the
Heavens,’ that is one of their names, their other name is ‘the Guardians of the Prayers.’ These are their
names.”
   I asked Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “Are they angels or extraterrestrials or
both?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) responded, “They are angels from other planets. They gather in
groups of four from every single planet. They are at your service.”


                                            Azrael (PBUH)


Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said to me one day as we were discussing angels,

         Azrael (PBUH) is called by the Prophets, Preferred Ones, and the Ahlul-Bayt (PBUT)
         ‘The Merciful and the Unjust’, for he is merciful with the believers and unjust with the
         disbelievers. O Protector, O God, when the soul of a disbeliever or unjust person is
         taken, he shall see the extreme anger of God manifested in the face of Azrael (PBUH).
         If he yells in the face of a disbeliever, the disbeliever shall wish that God had never
         created him, and he shall wish to be non-existent, and this happens with everyone but
         there is a diﬀerence in degrees, and the most extreme and the hardest of these degrees is
         with the atheist.

Aba Michael (PBUH) once said to me,


         Yes, it is true, Azrael is not from the 313. And he is not here today and did not
         incarnate with a physical body, because if he did, there would not remain a single
         disbeliever, for he does not show any type of mercy. God’s mercy is vast, and therefore
         God left Azrael out of this particular assignment so that He can give creation a chance
         to repent. Azrael (PBUH) does not have feelings of mercy when it comes to
         disbelievers. He was not created with that feeling nor does he have patience, not for one
         second or less than that. He does not give any second chances. God willing, he is
         merciful with the believers, (PBUH). His appearance is indescribable, and no creature
         can imagine it, his appearance as he appears to the disbelievers. But with the believers,
         he appears in another way, his normal appearance, in order that the believer is not
         afraid.


   I asked Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “What is the relationship between Azrael
and Azazel (the dear one of God, and that is the ancient name given to Iblis)? There are traditions
which state that Azazel is Azrael, and some of the Jews say the proof of this being true is that when Iblis



                                                   212
                                               The archangels


fell from the mercy of God, death appeared in the world. So what is the relationship between the two if
there exists one?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “No, son, the only relationship between them is that when a
father has a group of children, he gives them names which are closely related. For example, Hassan,
Hussein, Hassanain.”
      I said, “I see, so they are siblings?”
      He (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes son, like Habil and Qabil (Abel and Cain).”


                                               Michael (PBUH)


Michael (PBUH) is one of the close archangels who are known in the Abrahamic religions. He is
mentioned in the narrations of Mohammed and the Family of Mohammed (From Them is Peace)
as being one of those who incarnate with the Qaim/Riser (From Him is Peace). It was narrated
from Imam Al-Ridha (From Him is Peace) that he said: “If the Qaim rises, God will command the
angels to send greetings to the believers and sit with them in their sittings. So if someone has a need, he
shall send forth some angels to carry him. The angels will carry him until he comes to the Qaim, and
the Qaim shall fulﬁll his need, then send him back. And from the believers are those who will travel in
the clouds, and some of them will ﬂy with the angels and others will walk with the angels, and some of
them will race the angels and others will judge amongst the angels. And the believer is more dear to
God than the angels, and there are those whom the Qaim shall appoint to be judges amongst one
hundred thousand angels.”2
      Imam Al-Baqir (From Him is Peace) said: “It is as if I am with the Qaim (PBUH) in Al-Kufa
where he arrived from Mecca accompanied by ﬁve thousand angels. Gabriel is on his right and
Michael is on his left and the believers are between his hands and he is spreading out soldiers in the
land.”3
      When Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family) stands between the Rukn and the Maqam in
preparation for the pledge of allegiance, the rst to strike his hand will be Gabriel and Michael and
they shall pledge allegiance to him. When he goes forth from Mecca along with his three hundred
and thirteen companions, and the ten thousand that follow him in Mecca, Gabriel will be on his
right and Michael on his left, and this is mentioned in many narrations. Michael is one of the
greatest angels and he has authority over the rains and plants. He has a special place and rank with
his Lord and he is from the most honorable angels and he is also the patron angel of Israel.
      Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said to me one day concerning Aba Michael
(PBUH):



2
    Mo'jam Ahadeeth Imam Al-Mahdi (AS), Al-Shaikh Ali Al-Korani, Vol. 4, p. 165
3
    Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 52, p. 337


                                                       213
                                      The Goal of the Wise


       He is the strong rope that ties between one religion and another and he loves you very
       much, and sometimes he cries because of how much he longs for you when he hears your
       voice, or whenever he hears someone speak about you, or whenever he hears your
       name. Aba Michael (PBUH) is the one whom Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family)
       nicknamed “The Gatherer,” the Gatherer Aba Michael, he is the one who gathers the
       three hundred and thirteen. His name amongst the people in this incarnation is
       Ahmed Murad. If Ahmed Murad appears publicly between the people, or if his voice is
       heard, every believer and disbeliever shall say “I know that person.” And every person
       who hears his voice shall say “I have heard that voice before.” This is what Imam
       Mahdi Mohammed ibn Al-Hassan (PBUH & His Family) has said about him: “By
       Allah, without you O Murad, no truth would have appeared nor would falsehood have
       been destroyed.” My brother Aba Michael is dear to my heart, may my life be your
       ransom, O confuser of the devils of the humans and jinn. Michael is behind a great
       veil and greatness is for God. He is a man and of the best of men, Aba Michael is a
       strong connecting rope without whom the believers would stand confused, and without
       him no news would be heard and no knowledge would appear. Murad means the will
       of God. God made him beloved in the hearts of people, and God gave him courage,
       wisdom, intuitiveness, and extreme intelligence. He is time and my Father is the
       Companion of Time. He is the sword and I am the Companion of the Sword. There
       was never a time when he was not present, he was with the Prophet of God Abraham
       (PBUH), Jesus (PBUH), Moses (PBUH), Noah (PBUH), Adam (PBUH), Joseph
       (PBUH), Aaron (PBUH), Imam Al-Hussein (From Him is Peace), he was with
       everyone. He is the friend of God that never ever left God’s side. The friend Michael,
       the loyal companion of all the Prophets and Messengers and righteous ones.


                                        Raphael (PBUH)


One day I asked Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) about Asif ibn Barkhiya (PBUH).
   He (From Him is Peace) said, “Asif was a preferred one of God whose title and identity were
hidden.”
   I asked him (From Him is Peace), “Who is he?”
   He (From Him is Peace) replied, “He is neither Adam nor Mohammed nor Christ nor Noah, he
is Raphael (PBUH) and soon he shall come forth from between the dirt.”


                                        Gabriel (PBUH)


Gabriel (PBUH) is one of the close angels who are known in the Abrahamic religions. He is
mentioned in the narrations of Mohammed and the Family of Mohammed (From Them is Peace)


                                                214
                                        The archangels


as being of those who return with the Qaim/Riser (From Him is Peace). Gabriel is in charge of
delivering the divine inspiration and message from God to His Messengers. Imam Ahmed
Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said: “There was no time where Gabriel and Michael were not in it.
Gabriel and Michael (PBUT) were with every single Prophet and Messenger and every Proof of God
(PBUT).”
   One day I was speaking to the Imam (From Him is Peace) and I said to him, “My Father, may
my life be your ransom, it has been too long, inform me, what was the identity of the sixth person
under the cloak, Gabriel (PBUH)? Is Gabriel (PBUH) Jesus the Messiah (PBUH) or is he Abraham
(PBUH)?”
   Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said, “I shall tell you. He is Jesus (PBUH).”


                                       Hoor-Rael (PBUH)


Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said to me one day that Enoch was also known to
the ancient Egyptians as Osiris, and he had a son whose name was Horus. Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan
(From Him is Peace) revealed to me that Horus was originally an angel who incarnated in human
form. The name of the angel was Hoor-Rael. He had a birthmark on his shoulder in the shape of
an eye, and from it he drew immense power. This is why Horus is associated with the symbol of the
eye (Figure 1). The ancient Egyptians remembered that about him. Horus is one of the
incarnations of Prophet Noah (PBUH).


Figure 1: The Eye of Horus




                                 Metatron/Nun-Rael (PBUH)


   One day, while I was in Egypt, I said to Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “I went
up to the top of the roof of the building which I lived in, and it was dawn time, and something
extremely strange happened which caused me to have goosebumps all over. I was speaking to you and to


                                                215
                                                The Goal of the Wise


God in my heart, and I looked up at the stars and I looked around me and I could feel you in
everything around me. In the trees, in the sky, in everything, and suddenly I looked behind me and I
was stunned to see the moon in the shape of the letter ‘Nun’ and above it was a star in the place of the
dot. So I raised out of my pocket the stone which I had brought from the Pyramids and I held it facing
the moon, and suddenly a very bright comet passed by in the sky very fast.”
      Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said, “Glad tidings to you son, I pray to God that
you have reached the Covenant. Glad tidings to you O pure one, Glad tidings to you Nun, go and read
Surah Al-Qalam.4 Mashallah, Mashallah my son, there is no power nor might except through God.”
      Afterwards the Imam (From Him is Peace) told me one day, “Nun is Joseph, and the Pen is
Abraham (PBUH) and that is his nickname with us, and I am the Tablet. My son, I would like to tell
you something but I hope that it does not cause you to be conceited or prideful when I mention it. Have
you ever had a feeling that your presence in a place brings goodness and blessings? Did you ever notice
that? When you stand waiting to buy something from a shop or store, do you notice that more
sustenance and customers come to that place? In you is goodness and upon you is goodness and from you
is goodness. Your name is Nun-Rael and you are the angel given authority over blessings and
sustenance.”
      I asked him (From Him is Peace), “I found a narration mentioning Nun-Rael in the books of the
Muslims, and they mentioned that this angel is Prophet Enoch. He is also the angel known as
Metatron with the Jews, and in the Jewish Book of Zohar it is written that one of the titles and
meanings of Metatron is ‘Servant of God’ (Abdullah) and that he is also called ‘The Youth’ and that
this angel is a veil between God and creation. They also say that Metatron has a relationship with
Space itself and he is the archangel of the Covenant and of Life. They describe him as the Scribe of
God, and the same was said about Prophet Idris. Is the name Metatron a name of Nun-Rael?”
      Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, my son, it is him.”
      Then the Imam (From Him is Peace) said concerning the statue of Metatron carrying
Metatron’s cube (Figure 2), which is actually a giant star of David, “Yes, my son, this image
resembles what the universe really looks like by ninety percent accuracy. The universe resembles the
Star of David.”5




4
    Surah Al-Qalam (The Pen) is Chapter (68) of the Holy Qur’an.
5
    Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) has con rmed that the Star of David is the map of the universe and the
     symbol of the Seventh Covenant. It represents the uni cation of the physical and metaphysical worlds, it contains all
     the letters of knowledge, and in the middle it contains the Arabic letters Aleph, Ha, Mem, and Dal which spell
     Ahmed meaning ‘praised’.


                                                            216
                                      The archangels


Figure 2: Metatron carrying Metatron’s Cube




                                              217
The Goal of the Wise




        218
               Door Number Eighteen


                     the Jinn




“And the jinn we created before from a scorching ﬂame.”
                                             The Goal of the Wise


            mam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) once said to me, “If the reasons are known,
            then wonderment ceases.” From the dawn of history, human beings have wondered and
            wandered across many inexplicable experiences or what science has called paranormal
            activities.1 We have tried to explain our strange experiences through religion, science, and
other folk tales. While making the strange familiar can be challenging, it is what the Prophets,
Messengers, and Sages have always done. From King Solomon (PBUH) summoning invisible
beings, to Jesus (PBUH) exorcizing demons, to Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) preaching to an
assembly of jinn, the topic of hidden living creatures, spirits, or jinn has been the subject of intrigue
throughout human history.
    Jinn is a word used to describe a group of extradimensional species of creatures that reside on the
planet. They are an intelligent species and have free will. Some are disbelievers and others are
believers. There is an entire Chapter (Surah) in the Holy Qur’an named after them.2 Some have the
ability to possess human beings and other creatures, to shapeshift, and to appear in di erent forms.
Some jinn have helped human beings while others have caused them harm. One example is the jinn
Qatmir who accompanied the Companions of the Cave (Ashab Al-Kahf) and returns as a servant
with the Riser/Qaim. Qatmir had the ability to strike fear into the hearts of men and he protected
the Seven Sleepers (Companions of the Cave) during their slumber. Other jinn are evil and
misguide and torture people, creating ailments and sicknesses, like those that Jesus (PBUH) and his
disciples used to banish.


                               Jesus Restores Two Demon-Possessed Men

Here we provide an excerpt from the Holy Bible to demonstrate how Jesus (PBUH) healed
ailments and diseases caused by demonic possession:

         When he arrived at the other side in the region of the Gadarenes, two demon-possessed
         men coming from the tombs met him. They were so violent that no one could pass that
         way. “What do you want with us, Son of God?” they shouted. “Have you come here to
         torture us before the appointed time?” Some distance from them a large herd of pigs
         was feeding. The demons begged Jesus, “If you drive us out, send us into the herd of
         pigs.” He said to them, “Go!” So they came out and went into the pigs, and the whole
         herd rushed down the steep bank into the lake and died in the water. Those tending the
         pigs ran oﬀ, went into the town and reported all this, including what had happened to



1
  Paranormal activity are phenomena described in popular culture, folk, and other non-scienti c bodies of knowledge,
  whose existence within these contexts is described as beyond the scope of normal scienti c understanding and are
  “not scienti cally explainable.” (Merriam-Webster Dictionary)
2
  The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 72 (Al-Jinn)


                                                        220
                                                       The jinn


         the demon-possessed men. Then the whole town went out to meet Jesus. And when they
         saw him, they pleaded with him to leave their region.3

You notice that the demons or jinn had asked Jesus (PBUH) why he was to torture them before the
Appointed Time. The Appointed Time is the Day of the Rise of the Qaim/Riser, the same
Appointed Time set for Iblis, their father. The Holy Qur’an said: “[Iblis (Satan)] said: “O my Lord!
Give me then respite till the Day they (the dead) will be resurrected.” Allah said: “Then, verily, you are
of those reprieved, Till the Day of the time appointed.”4 It is in the time of the Qaim/Riser that all of
the evil spirits of humans and jinn return and are punished at the hands of the Qaim/Riser and his
companions.

                                         Jinn and the Science of Magic

Solomon (PBUH) too used his knowledge to communicate with and use the jinn for various works.
This knowledge is often referred to as “magic.” Even the Jews admit in their own sources that
Solomon (PBUH) was a great magician and had a powerful ring of magic. In the book The Legends
of the Jews, it states:


         After some time, Solomon received a letter from Adares, the king of Arabia. He begged
         the Jewish king to deliver his land from an evil spirit, who was doing great mischief,
         and who could not be caught and made harmless, because he appeared in the form of
         wind. Solomon gave his magic ring and a leather bottle to one of his slaves, and sent
         him into Arabia. The messenger succeeded in conﬁning the spirit in the bottle. A few
         days later, when Solomon entered the Temple, he was not a little astonished to see a
         bottle walk toward him, and bow down reverently before him; it was the bottle in
         which the spirit was shut up. This same spirit once did Solomon a great service. Assisted
         by demons, he raised a gigantic stone out of the Red Sea. Neither human beings nor
         demons could move it, but he carried it to the Temple, where it was used as a
         cornerstone.5


The Qaim/Riser rises with the same ring of Solomon (PBUH) and he controls armies of jinn. Abi
Ja’far (From Him is Peace) said: “When the Riser (PBUH) appears, he appears with the Banner of the
Messenger of Allah (PBUH & His Family), the Ring of Solomon (PBUH) and the Stone of Moses
(PBUH) and his staﬀ. ”6


3
  The Holy Bible, Book of Matthew, Chapter 8, Verses 28-34
4
  The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 15 (Al-Hijr), Verses 36-38
5
  The Legends of the Jews, Louis Ginzberg, Vol. 4, Chapter 5, p. 153
6
  Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 52, p. 351


                                                           221
                                             The Goal of the Wise


And the two angels Harut and Marut taught people magic as a form of self-defense against evil
magicians and magic in Babel, rather we nd the angels teaching a Prophet and that Prophet
teaching his people magic! Imam Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace) said: “After Noah there were many
magicians and tricksters, so God Almighty sent forth two angels to the Prophet of that time to teach
him the magic used by the magicians and how to make their magic ineﬀective and how to counter their
plot, so the Prophet received it from the angels and delivered it to the servants of God by the command
of God, and he instructed his people to [use it] to stop magic and make it ineﬀective, and he forbade
them to put magic spells on people, and [he showed them] what is used for poison, and what is used to
push it away, so it would be said to the one who is learning: ‘This is the poison, so if you see somebody
poisoned, push it away with such and such, and never kill anybody with poison.’ ”7
      Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said: “Learning magic is not forbidden (haram)
and it is a science like any other science. What is forbidden is using black magic which causes harm or
aﬄicts other human beings. Many of the Prophets and Messengers such as Solomon (PBUH) were
great magicians. The best magician to ever walk the earth was Abraham (PBUH).” This does not
mean that the miracles and the other abilities that were given to the Prophets and Messengers were
performed through magic, but we are stating that they had knowledge of magic.
      I asked Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) what real magic is. He said it is the use of
jinn, subliminal messages, certain hand gestures, certain symbols or movements to control the
mind, behavior, or decisions of an individual. Even language and speech could be used to a ect the
behavior and minds of humans, for Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) said: “Verily some
of speech is magic.”8 Indeed, we now know that one of the most e ective forms of mind control is
repetition. The Imam (From Him is Peace) said that there is black magic and white magic. Black
magic typically involves blood sacri ces in order to make deals with evil jinn for the purpose of
controlling or harming human beings. This type of magic is forbidden (haram). Just as we have in
this time, the return of the best of creation, the Prophets and Messengers and Saints, we have the
return of the worst of the worst, the demons of humans and jinn. Just as we shall see in this age all
the supernatural forces of good, the miracles of the Prophets and Messengers repeated, we shall also
face and are facing the worst of the supernatural forces of evil, the e orts and magic of the tyrants
and demons. Today, humanity is a victim of all kinds of weapons and mind control technologies
and magic that is worse than in the days of Abraham and Solomon (PBUT). We shall expand more
on this in the Door related to the Antichrist Dajjal and his system.
      I asked Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “What about the things which are written
in some of these old Arab books and manuscripts and grimoires? Is it true, for example, when they say
whoever takes the skin of a crocodile and writes on it such and such shall not drown?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “No, that is not true. The most learned people in the arts of
real magic today are the Moroccans and the Indians.”
7
    Tafsir Al-Saﬁ, Fayd Kashani, Vol. 1, p. 171
8
    Sahih Al-Bukhari, Al-Bukhari, Book of Medicine, Hadith No. 5767


                                                        222
                                                The jinn


                                           What Are the Jinn?


   One day I asked Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “What are the jinn, my Father?
What is its substance?”
   He (From Him is Peace) responded, “The ﬁre.”
   I asked, “But is it wind or electricity or plasma or just a ﬁre like the normal ﬁre?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) responded, “Its base is the ﬁre and no, it is something else which is
not present on Earth.”
   I said, “So they are not from Earth?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) responded, “Of course they are not from Earth.”
   I said, “So they are from another planet? Are they extraterrestrials?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Their origin is not from Earth. The jinn are from worlds
that intersect with our world (other dimensions).”


                                     Simbas: The Father of Iblis


The topic of creatures originating from worlds o this planet was something my Father (From Him
is Peace) had already previously made clear to me. One day I had asked him about the father of Iblis.
   He (From Him is Peace) said, “The father of Iblis was a creature who was more impure than
him.”
   I asked, “What was his name?”
   He (From Him is Peace) said, “His name was Simbas (God’s curse be upon him).”
   I said, “Was he from Earth?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “He came from another world oﬀ this planet, and after his
son Iblis was born, Iblis killed him.”
   Clearly, the story of Iblis is a complex one and shrouded in mystery. As the Imam (From Him is
Peace) reveals more about him, we will better understand the intricacies of his personality
development, and character, and appreciate the roots of his con ict with humanity. It is interesting
to see how Iblis murders his own father and later becomes the most obedient of children to his God
and Lord, serving Him and worshiping Him and raising in degrees until he becomes His most
beloved son. This valued relationship is threatened with the appointment of Adam (PBUH), and in
the same manner as a child who is jealous of his newborn sibling, Iblis rebels against his Father and
Lord once again, although this time he knows he cannot kill Him.




                                                   223
                                        The Goal of the Wise


                Witnessing Jinn: Meteor Showers, Nations, Religions & Tribes


So, the jinn are a species who originated from another world which is in another dimension that
intersects with ours. One night, many years ago, the Imam (From Him is Peace) came to me and
said,
   “On Sunday night going into Monday watch the skies.”
   I said, “What shall happen?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) responded, “Meteors shall come down heavily. I hope that you
can see it from your area.”
   I said, “What is the reason behind it?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) replied, “It is stoning of the devils for they have become many
these days.”
   I said, “Glory be to God, the Most High, the Most Great. Are the devils that are sent here those who
spy and steal news from the heavens?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes.”
   I said, “Are they the devils as we have imagined them or are they evil extraterrestrials?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “They are both kinds, but I meant the jinn. Between 11 pm
and midnight and all the way until daybreak, and also watch on Monday night going into Tuesday.
Either Sunday night going into Monday, or Monday night going into Tuesday, you shall see dozens
and perhaps hundreds of meteors, depending on the areas that have devils in it.”
   I said, “My Father, are they in the image of people with wings like depicted in art?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) replied, “No, but rather their images are ugly, their true forms.”
   I said, “What does the ﬁre that they are made of resemble?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “They are from a ﬁre like the ﬁre of volcanoes.”
   I said, “But they are invisible and exist in another world?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “They can be visible or invisible, or partly visible.”
   I said, “Are they the same ones that we see moving in the dark and are black and resemble
shadows?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “They are diﬀerent kinds son, and diﬀerent shapes and
tribes and nations. There are Arab jinn and Jewish jinn and Christian jinn, jinn from all parts of the
world, just like us.”
   So we can clearly see from this event that every celestial movement in the skies, including
meteors and comets, has a purpose that goes beyond just being a random event or just rocks ying
randomly in space or by coincidence. Rather, every single movement in the earth and the skies has a
purpose, just as Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said: “There is no such thing as
coincidence.” The meteor showers on that night were purposefully aimed at expelling
extradimensional beings from our world. Just as our eyes only see a small percentage of reality
around us, once our souls are released from the body, we will perceive greater realities, and the


                                                  224
                                                     The jinn


planets and the stars and the meteors and comets will all look di erent. We know from the Holy
Qur’an that the purpose of these meteors and comets is to prevent extradimensional entities from
operating on Earth or from spying on the stars. In the Holy Qur’an it states: “And indeed, We
adorned the lowest heaven with ˹stars like˺ lamps, and made them ˹as missiles˺ for stoning
˹eavesdropping˺ devils,”9 and it states: “Indeed, We have adorned the lowest heaven with the stars for
decoration and ˹for˺ protection from every rebellious devil. They cannot listen to the highest assembly
˹of angels˺ for they are pelted from every side, ˹ﬁercely˺ driven away. And they will suﬀer an
everlasting torment. But whoever manages to stealthily eavesdrop is ˹instantly˺ pursued by a piercing
ﬂare.”10 And it states: “˹Earlier˺ we tried to reach heaven ˹for news˺, only to ﬁnd it ﬁlled with stern
guards and shooting stars. We used to take up positions there for eavesdropping, but whoever dares
eavesdrop now will ﬁnd a ﬂare lying in wait for them.”11 And God Almighty says: “Indeed, We have
placed constellations in the sky, and adorned it for all to see. And We protected it from every accursed
devil, except the one eavesdropping, who is then pursued by a visible ﬂare.”12 Imam Al-Sadiq (From
Him is Peace) said: “When the Messenger of Allah (PBUH & His Family) was born, Iblis was veiled
from the seven heavens and the devils were struck with stars.”13 In another narration, Al-Ridha
narrated from his Father, Al-Kathim who narrated from his Father, Al-Sadiq (From Them is Peace)
who said in answer to the questioning of the Jews: “The jinn were eavesdropping before the advent of
the Prophet (PBUH & His Family), when his message started they were prevented by stoning and by
stars falling upon them, and the work of magicians and priests was made invalid.”14


                                       Yas: Guardian of the Children


On one occasion the Imam (From Him is Peace) pointed out to me a picture similar to Figure 1 and
said,
     “Is there something here that the light reﬂected oﬀ of?”
     I said, “No, there is not. Not at all. What is that then?”
     The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Did you not pay attention? It is a righteous jinn, his name
is Yas. He guards the children.”




9
  The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 67 (Al-Mulk), Verse 5
10
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 37 (Al-Sa at), Verses 6-10
11
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 72 (Al-Jinn), Verses 8-9
12
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 15 (Al-Hijr), Verses 16-18
13
   Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 15, p. 257
14
   Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 17, p. 226


                                                            225
                                         The Goal of the Wise


Figure 1: An Image of an Orb




So you now know that jinn can be captured on lm at times in the image of orbs.


                                      Sulaimani Stones and Jinn


In other times, the jinn appear in your surroundings as inanimate objects such as precious stones.
They appear as stones but they are not, in reality they are jinn. The Imam (From Him is Peace) told
me about what they call Sulaimani stones, and these stones are highly sought after in some parts of
the Middle East. It is a stone that, if placed on top of wheat, grains, or salt, will proceed to move
slowly on it and eat the grain or salt until it disappears. It is not a stone that is found in nature, but
rather one that is found in the bellies of serpents. The way that they are extracted is as follows, if it is
mating season and two serpents are found mating, throw a black cloth over them while they are in
the process of mating, if there is a jinn within them, it will come out of the snake’s mouth in the
form of a stone. The stone then, once extracted, could be used for a variety of things including and
not limited to protection, in uence, nding treasures, etc. Due to its numerous bene ts, there are
many who sell fake Sulaimani stones, and it is rare to nd the original ones. There is also another
type of stone which is in actuality a jinn and this type of stone or jinn is worn as an amulet or ring
on a person and protects against bullets. If a person is shot at, the jinn creates an energy eld
around the person and the bullet is de ected.
   I asked Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “So the stone itself is a jinn, correct?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Correct.”
   There are also other stones that are not jinn, but rather serve as houses for jinn, much like the
lamp that served as a house for the jinni in the story of Aladdin. In the shapes and forms of stones
are bene ts against evil jinn. For example, one day our brother Ahmed Abu Ibrahim gave me a gift,
and he is always gifting me with precious stones as he knows I have always loved them. He gave me


                                                    226
                                                  The jinn


on that particular occasion a stone which was from the grave of Prophet Daniel (PBUH) and it was
in the shape of a shield and on it he had carved the seal of Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is
Peace) which is the star of David (Figure 2).


Figure 2: A Real Image of the Shield-Shaped Stone




I showed it later to Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) and asked about the bene ts of
the shield shape. The Imam (From Him is Peace) said: “The best thing about this stone is its shield
shape. The least of its beneﬁts is protection against evil jinn.”


                      Nightmares: Repelling Al-Khanas with Stainless Steel


Another item which demons are repelled by are knives that are made from stainless steel. Imam
Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) had prescribed this for someone who was su ering from
nightmares.
   He (From Him is Peace) said to me one day, “This is not a jinn, this was a nightmare. Place
under his head a small knife which is not sharp, even if his place of sleep changes.”
   I asked the Imam (From Him is Peace), “Does placing a knife under the head or pillow repel
nightmares?”
   He (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes”
   I said, “This is great knowledge.”
   He (From Him is Peace) said, “But it has to be fully made of metal.”
   I asked him (From Him is Peace), “What is the reason behind that, my Father? Does it scare the
source of the nightmare? And if yes, is the source the jinn or what?”




                                                     227
                                            The Goal of the Wise


      The Imam (From Him is Peace) replied, “Devils, Nightmares or Al-Khanas15 fear iron or stainless
steel, that is because the substance of stainless steel has an energy that aﬀects it and harms it.”
      Amazed by what I heard I said, “Thank you, my Father, for this!”
      Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) continued and said, “Most devils and Al-Khanas
fear this.”
      So I asked the Imam (From Him is Peace), “Does it work during the day as well and that I have it
with me at all times?”
      He (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, but during sleep is the best time, under the pillow.”
      The jinn also come to the Imam (From Him is Peace) sometimes in the form of humans and
there are jinn who have believed in this religion. Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said:
“They rarely appear to normal humans in the form of humans.” They also can appear in the form of
cats or other animals and spy on humans. There have been many incidents that we have experienced
over the years, but I will provide one as an example. One day, my brother and companion Mostafa
Hallal was walking outside of my house, in the same area where the image of Yas was taken. It was
dusk time, and he saw the silhouette of a man walking around the bushes. He hurried and jogged
up behind him to see who it was, for he had not seen anything but a shadow-like silhouette and
couldn’t make out who it was. When he reached around the bushes a mere few seconds after seeing
the gure, he did not see any man anywhere in the vicinity, but rather he found staring at him on
the ground a large black cat. The black cat remained staring at him and Mostafa knew instantly that
it was a jinn. He rushed at it, and the jinn ran away.


                                        Reading Secrets in the Eyes


In the eyes of human beings are many secrets. Once, I said to Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him
is Peace),
      “When I was working for a media company in Egypt, there was a man from the Egyptian
Intelligence that came to the oﬃce, and this was before the Egyptian Revolution of 2011. He wanted to
hire the company to make a promotional campaign for Hosni Mubarak. I was watching this man’s
eyes because it was extremely strange, and he even noticed me staring at him, and he continued not
looking at me for two hours as he was speaking. His pupils were extremely large. His iris was green and
very thin (see Figure 3 for an illustration), and even though the light was on in the room, it seemed as
if there was a black cloud around him, only in his area of the room, it seemed like the light was not on.
It was extremely strange.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) replied, “Yes, my son. I understand. He is working with jinn from
the netherworld, he is in contact with them.”
      I said, “I seek refuge with God from the evil devil.”


15
     Al-Khanas is a type of demon.


                                                      228
                                                 The jinn


   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “I have tried you on more than one occasion. You have the
insight to see all these matters. But be sure to never be afraid in these events and challenge fear my son,
because the devil has the ability to cause fear and terror to enter into the human being.”
   I said, “My Father, how do I distinguish between the eyes, to know if I was speaking to a human or
to my own self or to another creature?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “And perhaps you would talk to an angel too. Eyes, my son,
you shall see in them something diﬀerent, unnatural.”
   I said, “Yes, but how can I tell which creature is in front of me?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The eyes of the jinn are always bulging and at times they
are round and protruding. Always focus on the eyes, for verily in the eyes are many secrets.”
   Below we have two illustrations. In Figure 3 we have a close illustration of the man’s eye depicted
in the story above. Figure 4 is an illustration of a human with a “cat-like” eye.


Figure 3: A Close Illustration of the Man in the Story




Figure 4: An Illustration Depicting a Human with “Cat-like” Eye




One day I had mentioned to the Imam (From Him is Peace) an incident from when I was a child,
where I had encountered a woman who had eyes that were slit like that of a serpent or cat. The
Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The one who has eyes like a serpent has the characteristics of a
serpent.”


                                                    229
The Goal of the Wise




        230
  Door Number Nineteen


           Death




“Sleep is the brother of death.”
                                           The Goal of the Wise


              n ancient Greek religions, which were built by Prophets sent to Greece still upon the
              Noahic Covenant, Hypnos (sleep) and Thanatos (death) were brothers. Once again
              proving that all religions stem from the same source, we present to you this narration
              where Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) said: “Sleep is the brother of death.”1
Death is painful for it means separation from loved ones. Death is a permanent sleep from which
one does not wake up again in the same body. Death is also frightening, for in this world people do
not have memories of where they came from and so they do not know what to expect when they
go. In 2017, I had spoken with Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) about a woman who
is very special to me, Lady Layla (PBUH) who was told that she had a life-threatening disease and
could possibly die.
      I said, “Waqar’s mother has cancer. This matter has caused me to weep so much, for this woman is
the purest that can be, and she is pitiful.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “There is no God except for God. Have they given her a dose
of chemotherapy?”
      I said, “No, they are saying that she has to undergo an operation in order to remove the cancer, then
they shall see if it has spread or not.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Where was the disease found?”
      I said, “In her kidney, it is four centimeters. She is saying she does not want to die before she sees
you, but she submits to the will of God.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “There is no power nor might except by God. That is the will
of God.”
      I said, “Yes.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Let her depend on God, the Exalted, and undergo the
operation and we shall see afterwards how far the disease spread.”
      I said, “Would the protein cure that you gave me work on her?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “No, but she must refrain from eating meat for the rest of
her life. When is the appointment for the operation?”
      I said, “In three weeks.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “God-willing. My son, place your hand on the location of
the disease and pray for her that God cures her by the Glory of Mohammed (PBUH & His Family)
with his Lord, and by the Glory of Mary (PBUH) with her Lord. Pray for her humbly before your
Lord.”
      I did exactly as the Imam (From Him is Peace) had requested from me to do and indeed the
operation was successful, and it is 2022 and Lady Layla (PBUH) is as healthy as ever, and the
cancer did not return. Even though death was ordained for this woman, and it was the initial plan
of God that she passes away of cancer, her faith in us, love for us and desire to see the Imam (From


1
    Mizan Al-Hikmah (Scale of Wisdom), Mohammed Al-Reyshahri, Vol. 4, p. 3404


                                                      232
                                                         Death


Him is Peace) caused death to be pushed away from her and her life to be prolonged. History is
    lled with examples of lives being prolonged or changes happening in terms of appointed times of
death. In the narrations, Adam (PBUH) had given David (PBUH) from the years of his life2 and
Jesus (PBUH) had brought back Lazarus from the dead and the Prophets and Messengers and
Imams (PBUT) cured a great many people from terminal illnesses.


                                    “Death Is to Awaken From a Dream”


Traditionally, the Abrahamic religions, Judaism, Christianity, and Islam especially, have taught that
death is a very frightening event. There exist many traditions in Islam which describe the journey
of the soul from the moment of death until the moment the body is buried. They describe a soul
which is terri ed and frantically watching as family and friends place the body into the ground.
Once in the ground, the soul goes through questioning by terrible angels of the grave, and it
undergoes all kinds of terror if it is a sinner.3 The grave would literally become a minor hell for
sinners4 and a minor paradise for the believers and the souls remain there in the grave until the Day
of Judgment, accompanying their bodies. A good book to read about this topic in order to
understand Sunni Muslim views on life after death would be The Spectacle of Death by Khwaja
Muhammad Islam, and for a Shiite Muslim view on life after death one can read Journey to the
Unseen World by Naja Quchani. Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) has said that
most of that is all false and that these are lies attributed to Prophet Mohammed and his Family

2
  The hadith states: “When Allah created Adam, He wiped his back, until all the souls who were due to be born in his
  progeny until the Day of Resurrection came out of his back. He presented his o spring to him, so he saw amongst
  them a man whose light amazed him. So he asked: “Lord, who is this?” The Lord said: “This is your son David.” He
  said: “How long did You make his lifespan?” The Lord said: “Sixty years.” So he said: “Lord, increase him in age.” So
  the Lord said: “Only if I increase him from your lifespan.” Adam was a thousand years old at that time so God
  increased David forty years.” - Al Bidayah wa al-Nihayah, Ibn Kathir, Vol. 1, p. 99
3
  The following hadith is quoted in Sunni books, whereby Abu Sa’eed narrated that the Messenger of Allah said:
  “There is no day that comes upon the grave except that it speaks, saying: ‘I am the house of the estranged, I am the
  house of solitude, I am the house of dust, and I am the house of the worms.’ When the believing servant is buried,
  the grave says to him: ‘Welcome, make yourself comfortable. Indeed, to me, you are the most beloved of those who
  walked upon me. Since you have been entrusted to me and delivered to me today, you shall see what I have arranged
  for you.’ It will then widen for him so that his sight extends, and the door to paradise is opened for him. And when
  the wicked servant or the disbeliever is buried, the grave says to him: ‘You are not welcome, do not get comfortable.
  Indeed, to me, you are the most hated of those who walked upon me. Since you have been entrusted to me and
  delivered to me today, you shall see what I have arranged for you.’ He said: ‘It will begin closing in on him (squeezing
  him) until his ribs are crushing each other.’ ” He said: “The Messenger of Allah clasped some of his ngers between
  each other and said: ‘Seventy giant dragons will constrict him, if even one of them was to blow on the earth, nothing
  upon it would grow as long as it remained. They will chew on him and bite him until he is brought to the
  Reckoning.’ ” He said: “The Messenger of Allah said: ‘The grave is but a garden from the gardens of paradise, or a pit
  from the pits of the Fire.’ ” - Jami`at-Tirmidhi, Book 37, Hadith No. 46
4
  The following hadith is quoted in Sunni books: The Messenger of Allah (PBUH) said: “Indeed the grave is the rst
  stage among the stages of the hereafter. So if one is saved from it, then what comes after it is easier than it. And if one
  is not saved from it, then what comes after it is worse than it.” And the Messenger of Allah said: “I have not seen any
  sight except that the grave is more terrible than it.” - Jami`at-Tirmidhi, Book 36, Hadith No. 5


                                                            233
                                              The Goal of the Wise


(From Them is Peace). He describes the process of death and rebirth as simply falling asleep and
waking up.
      Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said, “The closest description of this world is a
dream. Death is to awaken a person from this dream. ‘And your sight today is iron!’ ”5
      I said, “Then, at the time of death, we will awaken as we awaken from sleep?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Exactly. It is as if you are changing your clothes.”
      I said, “And we shall ﬁnd ourselves in another body?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Exactly.”
      I said, “Is it a physical body, a human body?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “As for the type of body, it all depends on the person.”
      I said, “So all these matters, of traveling after death towards a light, or the punishment of the
grave, or the angels of torment, Munkar and Nakeer, etc. do not exist?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) replied, “There is no such thing as the torment of the grave.”
      So I said, “Then it is just basically waking up.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) replied, “When this body expires, just like any other product that
exists, or any electronic piece of machinery that no longer works [a person dies].”
      I said, “And then suddenly you are in a new world depending on where you go.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, good job, it is as I have previously explained to you.”


                                             What Death Feels Like


One day, in Germany, I had to go in for a small operation to remove an abscess. In order to do the
operation, they were to put me under general anesthesia. The nurse approached me and injected
me with a substance, and she looked at me and said: “Goodbye.” Everything instantly started to
black out and within a few seconds I was unconscious. I woke up as if no time had passed, being
pushed out of the operating room.
      Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said to me, “How are you now? Are you in good
health?”
      I said, “All thanks due to God. I am good now and it was a strange experience. It was my ﬁrst time
under general anesthesia, but all thanks due to God, I am good.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, it was a strange feeling, wasn’t it? It was a feeling
similar to death.”
      I said, “Yes, exactly.”
      He (From Him is Peace) said, “As such is death.”
      I said, “Glory be to God.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “But it is accompanied by great pain.”


5
    The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 50 (Qaf), Verse 22


                                                       234
                                                      Death


      I said, “Is the pain physical or psychological?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “It is a pain that you see and do not feel, a feeling unlike
anything that a human being has witnessed before in his life, only to be experienced in that moment
of death.”
      I said, “How long does it last, this pain?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “In this physical world it lasts only a few seconds.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) had previously explained to us that the more a person is
attached to this world, the more painful death is, because of these attachments. That is the cause of
the pain. The less a person is attached to this world, the less pain he or she shall feel at the time of
death because there are fewer ropes that are tying him or her to this world. One of the reasons that
the believer goes through many trials and tribulations in life is in order that he may become
detached from this world. Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) said it best when he said:
“Die before your death,”6 which means to train yourself to become detached from this world before
you are forcefully detached from it.


                                          Waiting Stations of the Soul


      I asked Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “Where are the souls located?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “In the bodies.”
      I said, “Therefore the souls are a part of the physical world?”
      He (From Him is Peace) said, “Souls are not matter, you can consider souls to be light.”
      I said, “So Iblis created matter.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes.”
      I said, “And God created lights and souls?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, but God can create matter as well.”
      I said, “My Father, can I ask you a question?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Go ahead, my son.”
      I said, “You told me that death was like being under anesthetics that make you black out and fall
asleep. When we wake up after death, do we open our eyes to ﬁnd ourselves suddenly in a new
incarnation as children? Or is there a type of purgatory, transitionary place that we go to in between
incarnations?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, there is, it is like a waiting station, for example, like a
train station. But there is nothing in that world that you recognize from here. There is no time nor
space nor anything that you would know.”
      I said, “Is it just empty space?”



6
    Mustadrak Saﬁnat Al-Bihar, Shaikh Ali Al-Namazi Al-Shahroodi, Vol. 8, p. 630


                                                         235
                                                 The Goal of the Wise


      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Not even that, nothing that you would know or be able to
compare to or even feel.”
      I said, “And does one appear there as an adult in the world they go to, meaning, here we ﬁnd
ourselves as children, in order that we adjust to this world. There, do we appear of age and fully
conscious and aware suddenly?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “There is no such thing as age. Do not compare here to there,
concepts are diﬀerent between the two, there is no time nor space nor matter there.”


                                                The World of Samarat


      I asked Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “And what is there? The world of souls or
light or what?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “You are present and yet not.”
      I said, “Present and yet not?”
      He (From Him is Peace) said, “The world of Samarat.”
      I said, “The world of Samarat exists under the Throne, correct?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes. It is a part of it. I shall give you a description that will
make you understand. You are in a city, this city has areas or corners, consider the world of Samarat
to be like a city, and it has an area or corner to it that you are going to.”
      I said, “So when a person dies and his soul comes out of him, in what form does the soul see itself?”
      He (From Him is Peace) said, “It doesn’t see itself. It is only a feeling. It feels itself and almost sees
itself but does not actually see itself.”
      I said, “And what about seeing other souls?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “It would be as if it almost saw them. It would feel them
and know they are present and know their movements and everything, but it would see them like you
see right now. My son, I would like to teach you something, do not compare what you feel here, and
what your senses are like here, with other worlds because they are diﬀerent, and the scales are diﬀerent
in them. Only when you are in that condition will you feel it and understand it, the scales of that
world.”
      So in summary, if there is time in between incarnations, then the person would go to a waiting
place, Barzakh or purgatory which is called the world of Samarat7 and it is a part of the Throne. In
that world nothing exists which resembles this physical world. There are not even senses like here.
Samarat is an “in-between” space where a soul reviews one’s life, the memories are cleared, and it
prepares for its next incarnation. If a person was nished with his incarnations, then he would

7
    The word Samarat is close to the idea of liminality used in various elds like psychology, anthropology, religion, and
    even biology to describe states that are hard to categorize. It is a state of transition between one stage and the next,
    especially between major stages in one’s life or during a rite of passage. Liminality is an in-between period, typically
    marked by uncertainty.


                                                             236
                                                 Death


experience the major death or Mawt and move on to nal judgment where he is judged over the
totality of all the incarnations he had, and then he moves forward to heaven or hell. This judgment
is a self-judgment. The minor death or Wafat occurs in between incarnations. Deeds in each
incarnation can a ect the conditions and body in which a person incarnates into next. For
example, a person who mistreats a disabled person might reincarnate as a disabled person in the
next incarnation. The case of Roshan below is an example.


                                            Bodily Choices


   I asked Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “At the time of death, what is the thing
which lives on and/or is punished? Is it the personality of the individual that lives on or what exactly?
For example, when I die, in the afterlife, if all my memories are erased, what shall remain of my
personality? Would anything even remain from it?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Do you mean in the very end, or in the phase of
incarnations?”
   I said, “This and that.”
   He (From Him is Peace) said, “In the phase of incarnations the punishment is Maskh.”
   I said, “Yes.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The next example is Roshan (Roshan is a mentally
challenged child in our community), does he know who he was?”
   I said, “Yes, or else how could he be in a state of punishment.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, good job.”
   I said, “So the punisher is the person himself through his thoughts?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Thoughts and feelings, no one can feel the pain except for
the one going through it. No matter how hard someone else tries to feel it, they won’t be able to.”
   Roshan had a previous incarnation as a Prophet whose name was Roshan. His people were
going through a great drought and famine and the people went to Roshan in order that he divide
the food amongst them all. Roshan saw that the people were many and the food was little, so he
decided to exclude from the division of food a mentally challenged person who lived in his city. He
thought to himself that the person is mentally challenged anyway and will most likely die, and in
fact, the person did die from starvation when Roshan left him nothing to eat. For this God erased
Roshan from the Book of Prophets. God made Roshan incarnate today in the same condition as
the person whom he had left to die. This is Roshan’s last incarnation in this state. Imam Ahmed
Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) clari ed that in his next incarnation, Roshan will be born
completely healthy.
   I said to the Imam (From Him is Peace), “You told me before that every soul chooses the body
which they incarnate into, so does this mean that Roshan chose the body he is in because he realized his
mistake and wanted to punish himself?”


                                                   237
                                         The Goal of the Wise


   The Imam (From Him is Peace) replied, “The choice is there, but how does the system work? It
works as follows, the person can choose between several diﬀerent options, the best of them is still
bad. This is for criminals, as for the pure people or good people, the ones whose sins are less than their
good deeds, they get to choose the bodies which they incarnate into. And they choose the one closest to
them.”
   I said, “Do you mean the closest to them in appearance?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “No, son, the closest to the soul.”
   I asked, “Close from which aspect?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The self (nafs).”
   I said, “When a human dies, what remains? Does the human himself remain? Or does he just
dissolve into one light?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The human, as you know, is divided into three parts: a
body, a soul, and a self (nafs). What is it that dies?”
   I said, “The body.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The body stops functioning and becomes junk and the self
passes away, and the soul remains. When those two parts of the human die, the human aspect becomes
something of the past, and the soul is what is present.”


                               Awaiting Opportunities to Incarnate


As we demonstrated earlier, souls existing outside of the physical bodies are for the most part
deprived of sensory experience. They almost see, hear, feel, taste, or touch but they do not actually
have an ability to see, hear, taste or touch. Therefore, one of the reasons souls seek to incarnate is to
enjoy the senses. Hence, you nd them all lining up at every opportunity to enter this physical
world.
   One day I asked Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “Will you grant me permission
to ask a question?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, go ahead son.”
   I said, “You said to me previously that one can summon the souls of the dead through intercourse, is
this through opening a portal or through the spirit possessing the summoner? Is it a sudden appearance
in the room or in what way does the soul appear, or does it only manifest as a voice? How does it
work?”
   He (From Him is Peace) said, “It is a method by which souls can be summoned, I shall simplify
things for you. When you place a ﬁsh or piece of meat on the ground, you see many cats swarm around
it and when you place something sweet on the ground you shall see many insects like ants and ﬂies
gathering around it.”
   I said, “Yes.”



                                                   238
                                                     Death


      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Sex brings forth souls because they ﬁnd an opportunity to
return to the physical material world.”
      I said, “Glory be to God, the Most High, the Most Great.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “That is how it is, son.”
      I said, “So then they have the choice of returning and they want to return?”
      He (From Him is Peace) said, “Not all of them do, some of them do, however, all souls think that
they can return, they have a belief and conviction that they can do so.”
      I said, “Glory be to God! They have a belief that they can. God is Great.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Just in the same way that some humans believe they can do
some things even though they do not have the ability to reach those things.”
      I said, “Thank you my Father, that is a great matter.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “All thanks is due to God, my son.”


                                                  Multiplicity


      I asked Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “Can a single soul exist in more than one
body at the same time?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes.”
      I asked the Imam (From Him is Peace), “My Father, when a person dies but his soul exists in more
than one body at the same time, and he dies in one of the bodies, does he die in the other?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “No, son. The body that dies, dies alone.”
      I said, “What about the maharem? 8Are both bodies which are occupied by the same soul mehram
to their family in each body?”
      He (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, son.”
      I said, “Glory be to God, this is a great matter! And the two bodies could meet in this world and
speak to one another, and they are, in fact, one soul split into two bodies?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “My son, I have not yet revealed the truth and if I did
speak and if I did ﬁnd people able to handle it, we would have advanced by now a great amount.”




8
    Maharem (plural of mehram) refers to a member of one’s family with whom marriage would be considered haram
    (impermissible).


                                                       239
The Goal of the Wise




        240
                  Door Number Twenty


                 Heaven and Hell




“Truly I say to you, today you shall be with Me in paradise.”
                                               The Goal of the Wise


                      here are surprisingly few descriptions of paradise or heaven in the Torah, Gospels,
                      and Qur’an. It is described as a place where the righteous go, where there are trees
                      and fruits, all kinds of food and drink, and of course beautiful men and women.
                      Followers of Judaism, Christianity, and Islam have all di ered, even amongst their
own sects, over the nature of heaven and whether it is even a place that we can describe. The
Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) said: “Allah said: “I have prepared for My righteous
slaves (such excellent things) as no eye has ever seen, nor an ear has ever heard, nor a human heart can
ever think of. ”1 If human eyes have never seen it and the heart cannot even think of it, then it means
that it is a place beyond description as no words have even been invented to properly describe it. It
is very much like the world of Samarat, a world that we cannot compare to this one. We can say,
however, that paradise is a world where there is no grief nor pain. Over the course of this Door, we
will give you a glimpse of paradise through the words of Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is
Peace). Then, we will explore hell through the Imam’s words.


                                              Soulmates in Paradise


Being with our loved ones is the most important part of human happiness. Do we have a mate to
enjoy paradise with? If we incarnate many times and each time we marry a di erent person, which
one are we with in paradise? Are we with all of them? Are we with any of them at all? I asked Imam
Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) about this matter.
      I said, “Do people have husbands/wives in paradise?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Each person is married in paradise to their soulmate.”
      I said, “How is it determined who someone’s soulmate is?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Each person has a set number of incarnations and a set
number of spouses in those incarnations, the soulmate of a person is the person whose level of faith or
degree is closest to their own.”
      I said, “Are soulmates ever married to each other in this world?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, each person is married to their soulmate at least once,
in their ﬁnal incarnation they are married to each other, and sometimes in other incarnations [as
well].”
      I said, “Is a person’s soulmate created from him?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “No, that is not necessarily the case.”
      I asked the Imam (From Him is Peace), “Can a man incarnate as a woman and a woman as a
man like it is written in Al-Haft Al-Shareef?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, my son.”
      I said, “Do we have physical bodies in paradise?”


1
    Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allahmah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 8, p. 92


                                                            242
                                                   Heaven and hell



      The Imam (From Him is Peace) replied, “Yes, son, we have bodies that are physical in paradise
and appropriate for that world.”
      I said, “In what image do we enter paradise? Do we enter in the image of one of our earthly
incarnations? If so, then in which of our images do we enter paradise? Or is it that our names and
images in paradise are not like here?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The names and images are not like they are now, but its
meaning is the same. People enter paradise as beautiful as they had faith in this world, their faith in
the world determines their beauty in the hereafter.”


                                                 Pleasures of Paradise


Could a paradise truly be a paradise if wishes did not come true? Is there anything forbidden in
paradise? Do the people of paradise miss their relatives or friends who did not make it into
paradise? Do feelings of sadness, anger, jealousy, or other negative emotions exist in paradise?
      Regarding this matter, Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said, “The Qur’an when
describing paradise says it is ﬁlled with fruits, meat, wine, and honey. It is because people in those
times wished for those things. If the Qur’an was to come down in today’s time and age it would
describe paradise as having laptops, phones, and fancy cars because it is these things that people wish for
today. So essentially everything that a person wishes for is there for them in paradise. One of the things
that humans always think about and wish for is sex. For that reason, paradise was described as having
Houris and young boys.”
      I said, “I always thought the Houris2 were allegorical.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “It is women, son. Beautiful women, the likes no one has ever
seen.”
      I said, “And the everlasting boys?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) replied, “They are also for sex.”
      I asked, “Are they for the women?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “They are for the men and the women.”
      I asked, “So if a woman in paradise wants to be with a Houri, she can be, and if a man wants to be
with a man, he can be?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) replied, “Yes, in paradise there is no right and wrong, hallal and
haram, allowed and forbidden. The rules for the people of paradise are not like the rules for the people
of the Earth, I told you son, don’t compare this world to other worlds. Everything a person wishes for
comes true. Since sex is what most human beings think of and desire, God made these things exist in
paradise.”


2
    Houris (plural of Ḥawrā) are, according to the Muslim belief, beautiful women that exist in paradise as a reward for
    the believers.


                                                            243
                                           The Goal of the Wise


   So I said, “And what if a person in paradise wanted to have intercourse with another person in
paradise that wasn’t his or her spouse?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) replied, “The people in paradise have ranks or degrees. A person
at a certain degree may have intercourse with anyone from the people of paradise that is lower than his
rank but cannot have intercourse with someone of a higher rank unless that person of a higher rank
wants to.”
   I said, “So it is like a pyramid hierarchy? But don’t the spouses of those individuals become jealous
and sad?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Jealousy doesn’t exist there in that world, neither does
sadness.”


                                           Paradisiacal Amnesia


   I asked Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “Will people remember one another in
paradise when they meet each other there? Will they remember their incarnations on Earth?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “No, but we shall know and [recognize] each other. So, for
example, everyone will know I am Al-Hussein, and they will know you are Abdullah.”
   I said, “So I will not remember our memories of life together with loved ones?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “No son, it will be as if you are meeting them for the ﬁrst
time.”
   I asked, “Why is that?”
   He (From Him is Peace) said, “Because if a person remembers everything from this world, they
will never be able to be happy.”
   I said, “Glory be to God.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “But when you meet your loved ones there, even though you
do not remember them, the love you have in your heart for them will still be there, and it will be as if
you always knew them.”
   I asked him (From Him is Peace), “Is it true that every day the human forgets the day before, and
that this is the diﬀerence between paradise and the worldly life?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) answered, “Yes, in order that boredom does not occur.”
   I said, “But my Father, forgive me if I am wrong, but until now I have not found in the description
of paradise anything beautiful, all of it is frightening, from states of constant amnesia to having sex
all the time, I would almost say that it is better to incarnate and not enter into paradise.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) smiled and said, “No son, you are wrong, do not compare what
you hear about paradise to this worldly life, do not compare this world to the hereafter. The way you
think here is diﬀerent to there. If you were in paradise right now you would not have said that. The
scales are diﬀerent, everything is diﬀerent. Time, pleasure, and rest. Time is not like this time, and



                                                   244
                                                Heaven and hell



rest is not like this rest that we know. Everything is diﬀerent, do not think with a human mind and
project your thoughts on paradise.”
      I asked Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “But what is the point of it?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “It is a reward.”
      I said, “That I forget every day?”
      He (From Him is Peace) said, “In order that you are not bored after 100 years or 1,000 years or
even a million. Forgetting is forgetting what you enjoyed.”
      I said, “I want to ask you about something.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes.”
      I said, “Homosexuality, if we speak about it from the aspect of the verse which states: ‘All food was
lawful for the Children of Israel, except what Israel made unlawful for himself,’ 3 and from the aspect
of it existing in paradise, is it permissible or forbidden in reality?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The jurisprudence now states that it is forbidden.”
      I said, “But will it be permissible in the future?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “No.”
      I asked, “In its origin is it permissible?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “My son, just deal with these people as you deal with all the
other people. Looking down upon them is unacceptable.”
      I said, “But why does it exist in paradise?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “We are talking about this world and not paradise.”


                                           The Language of Paradise


      One day I was speaking to the Imam (From Him is Peace) about a matter that had to do with
my brother Taymour Elalfy, so the Imam (From Him is Peace) said in English, “Very beautiful and
wonderful” and continued in Arabic, “That is because he is a true believer.”
      I said, “Wow” in English, “Glory be to God” as I was surprised since he rarely ever spoke in a
language other than Arabic.
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “God bless you. I love the Arabic language very much,
because it is, as you know, the language of the people in paradise.”
      I said, “Yes, but it shall become an extinct language, right? Along with almost all other
languages?”
      He (From Him is Peace) said, “Not completely, but the entire world shall speak the easiest
language on the face of the earth, English.”
      I said, “Yes.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “It is a smooth, lovely, and beautiful language.”

3
    The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 3 (Al-Imran), Verse 93


                                                       245
                                       The Goal of the Wise


   I said, “When shall that happen, that it becomes the primary language or the language used by
everyone?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “By the year 2050 approximately, so about three decades
from now.”


                                        Animals in Paradise


   One day I said to Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “My Father, may my soul be
your ransom. May I ask another question?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Go ahead, my son.”
   I said, “The animals like the dog of the Companions of the Cave or the Hoopoe bird of Solomon
(PBUH), did they return to the Earth today as humans?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “This is the best question that you have asked me, son. The
Hoopoe bird of Solomon (PBUH) and other than him of the animals, the Lord of the servants has
brought them back to life, not just today, but rather they returned many times and in many
incarnations, and they deserve this, by God.”
   I said, “Glory be to God, as humans or animals?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “As human beings, my son. This is out of dignity for them so
that they may enter paradise because they deserve it. Verily God is Just. My son, verily God’s Justice
and Mercy cannot be described by any creature.”
   This conversation is very revealing as it shows us that even animals enter paradise, however, there
are no beasts in paradise. Your horse, your dog, your cat, or even an ant could enter paradise, but
they do not roam around in paradise in the images or forms of animals. Rather, they would rst
have to pass through the human form in order to get to paradise. An animal is created with a nafs
and no soul, and an angel has a soul and no nafs, and a human being has both. If his nafs overcomes
his soul, then he is worse than the animals and if his soul overcomes his nafs, he is better than the
angels. Animals whose nafs is good deserve to come back as a human. Humans whose nafs is bad
deserve to come back as an animal.


                          The 313 Enter Paradise Without Judgment


One day I handed the Imam (From Him is Peace) some money from a few of the believers that they
had given as a donation and he said to me,
   “By God, I am afraid of the judgment and blame of God Almighty on the Day of Judgment and I
am also ashamed from Him, for verily this money is something we are entrusted with.”
   I asked Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “My Father, is there even a Judgment
Day for you?”



                                                  246
                                            Heaven and hell



   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “And what diﬀerence is there between me and the rest of
humanity?”
   I said, “We had read some words which were attributed to you that stated that even the 313 enter
paradise without judgment.”
   He (From Him is Peace) said, “They enter paradise without judgment, but they don’t get to the
Day of Judgment without being judged.”
   I said, “Glory be to God.”
   He (From Him is Peace) said, “The general people are judged less intensely than the shepherd. The
shepherd is judged severely because he knows the reality.”
   I said, “Glory be to God, but my Father, you are God in Creation, and you have no will except that
it is God’s will, and you are Him and He is you.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Even if God didn’t judge us on the Day of Judgment, there
is something called honesty with that which you are entrusted with.”
   I wanted to include this conversation here to demonstrate that even though Imam Ahmed
Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) is the return and reincarnation of Imam Al-Hussein (From Him is
Peace) and everyone knows that Al-Hassan and Al-Hussein are the Masters of the Youth of
Paradise, Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) still speaks with humility. Even though he
would not be judged, he still fears judgment. Even though he is God in Creation, he fears God
Almighty. He is not prideful, nor arrogant, nor does he consider himself safe or saved until his last
breath and he also, through his actions and his words on that day, sought to teach me and the
believers a lesson in humility and responsibility, and that lesson should be safeguarded for all
generations to come, for he taught by example and he left no excuse or way for anyone else to be
arrogant and say I am such and such, therefore I can never fall nor can I be judged.


                                        The Location of Paradise


   I asked Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “Is paradise awakening from this
dream?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “For sure when you remove the thin covering that is over the
eye that is giving you this illusion, you shall see paradise.”
   I said, “The brothers said that one day you told them that they would describe paradise to you before
their death.”
   He (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, that is true.”
   I said, “And that made me think that perhaps paradise and hell are just another dream.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Take your time and think about it and you shall reach the
truth, God-willing.”




                                                     247
                                              The Goal of the Wise


I thought about it for a while and then one day Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace)
came to me and recited the following verse, “Be quick in the race for forgiveness from your Lord, and
for a paradise whose width is that of the sky and of the earth, prepared for the righteous.”4
      I said, “Glory be to God.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “What do you notice in this verse?”
      I said, “May I be your ransom, tell me, Father.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “ ‘A paradise whose width is that of the sky and of the earth.’
Paradise is on the Earth, my son.”
      I said, “Glory be to God! God is Great!”
      And suddenly everything made sense, Adam and Eve (PBUT) and the Garden of Eden. The
whole episode of the prostration to Adam (PBUH), all of that occurred on Earth. Adam (PBUH)
was in the presence of God and then after his sin, he was kicked out of His presence but was still on
Earth, it was just that now he could no longer see God. He was in an illusion, he now had a
covering over his eye which prevented him from seeing the truth and this covering could not be
lifted except in two ways, either to die or through drawing closer to God. This covering was the
result of his sin. Now we understand that paradise is in the same physical space as we are in right
now, paradise on earth, and we could have access to it after death but also during life if we could
only remove this lm-like covering over our eyes.
      I said, “What is this covering, my Father?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) replied, “It is a creature that lives over the eye. If a person draws
closer to God, he is able to kill it and remove it.”
      I said, “Is this why you told the brothers that they would describe paradise to you before they leave
this world, because it is on Earth, and they will access it before death?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, you are correct. By God, I shall make them live the life
of paradise in this life and the next. And soon I shall take you to paradise and grant you complete and
total freedom.”
      I said to the Imam (From Him is Peace), “Paradise is servitude to you, Master. I am Abdullah
(The Servant of God).”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “My son, I am sure of one thing, and that is that if I sent
you to hell and told you it was paradise, you would go forth completely believing that it is paradise.”
      I said, “Yes, that is the truth.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “By God, by God, by God, paradise shall prostrate to you
[meaning me and my companions] before you enter into it. Peace be upon you and peace is from you
my son.”
      I said, “We worship God not in fear of His hell, nor in desire of His paradise, but we worship Him
because He is worthy of worship.”


4
    The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 3 (Al-Imran), Verse 133


                                                       248
                                                  Heaven and hell



                                                           Hell


Almost all the religions of the world, especially those that are explicit about an afterlife, have a
concept of hell.5 It is generally depicted as a place of eternal torment, re, and torture promised for
all the evildoers. In the Abrahamic faiths, it is a place of eternal torment and “gnashing of teeth.”6 It
is a place of darkness, emptiness, eternal damnation, and hopelessness. These depictions have been
popularized through the ages in the Christian world7 as well as the Islamic world.8 However, these
depictions are far from su cient and contain distortions. What and where is hell exactly? What is it
made of? How does one get there? Are there places worse than hell? These are all important
questions that we will clarify.
    We have previously stated in this Book that a person has a set number of incarnations. The
death that takes place between incarnations is called wafat (minor death), and the nal death or
major death is called mawt, and is at the end of all of a person’s incarnations. In between
incarnations, a person goes to a waiting area called the world of Samarat which is a purgatory-like
state, whereas after the nal death a person is judged over all his incarnations collectively lest he say:
“Let me go back, so I may do good in what I left behind.”9 A person is judged over all of the lives that
he or she lived. Then the person is sent to their nal destination, either heaven or hell. Imam
Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) had said previously: “We do not want to scare anyone at the
moment by speaking about this (in detail).” So, I present between the hands of the reader a short
glimpse of some conversations and information the Imam (From Him is Peace) has given about
hell.


                         The Imam’s Concern to Save People’s Souls From Hell


    One day the Imam (From Him is Peace) said to me, “My son, what have you done about your
money that is abroad?”
    I said, “I am awaiting to receive it and I shall deliver it to you once I receive it.”
    The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “I know that I have burdened you, by God, I know that.”
    I said, “I seek forgiveness from God, the Most High, the Most Great, my Father. By God, by God, by
God, if you asked now for my heart, I would give it to you.”

5
  The Arabic word for ‘hell’ Jahannam originates from the Hebrew word ‫( גֵיהִ נוֹם‬goy-he-nam) which means inferno and
    purgatory. It also means a place of puri cation for people as it contains the root ‘goy’ which means nation, people,
    and is generally used to refer to those outside the community of believers, especially non adherents to the God of
    Israel. It is sometimes used as a steep valley as well. When Jesus (PBUH) refers to the Valley of Hinnom he is referring
    to a place where children were burned and sacri ced to the idol Moloch.
6
  The Holy Bible, Book of Matthew, Chapter 13, Verse 42
7
  The Divine Comedy, Dante Alighieri
8
  Islam and the Divine Comedy, Miguel Asin Palacios
9
  The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 23 (Al-Mu’minun), Verses 99-100


                                                           249
                                            The Goal of the Wise


   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “But by God, by God, by God, the Most High, the Most
Great, my heart is being torn to pieces due to the passing of the days and over the people living in the
state of oppression and disbelief and tyranny.”
   I said, “I am too, my Father, by God I am too.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “By God, I know what is in your heart and your good self, by
God, it is a great pain. I am also in pain over those who die while thinking they are going to heaven
whilst they do not know that hell is awaiting them. You said a word to me last night…”
   I said, “What was it?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “You said the days are passing at a frightening speed.”
   I said, “Yes.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “When you said this sentence it was as if you woke me up
from a deep sleep.”
   I said, “I awoke you, Father? You are wakefulness, and we are the ones asleep.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “My dear son, yes, you alerted me in a way which you do not
know, and it was God who spoke on your tongue.”
   I said, “Glory be to God.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “And after this sentence by only a few minutes, your
Grandfather (PBUH) came and said to me some words which hurt the heart and conscience, if a rock
was to hear them it would shatter and turn into dust.”
   I said, “There is no power nor might except by God, I am sure, my Father, that there was never any
shortcoming from you in anything. Is the only thing delaying the promise of God money? Or is it also
the numbers?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “My son, we are all shortcomers and yes the main reason is
money, and after money is available, we shall only need a base which you will establish in a number of
countries in the world.”


                                      Why Did God Create Hell?


   One day I said to Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “My Father, there is a female
believer who is insisting on a question.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “It’s ok, son.”
   I said, “She asked why God created evil in the ﬁrst place, and why do people have to go through
hardships, and why did He not create us in a perfect world where we could worship Him and nothing
but Him? Why does God create evil and pain?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Why did God create heaven and hell? In order that He
may test the believer.”
   I said, “I told her this and she said, but why does there have to be a test?”



                                                    250
                                              Heaven and hell



   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “In order that the believer may be distinguished and sifted
from the disbeliever.”
   I said, “She said to me: ‘Why did God create ignorance in the ﬁrst place?’ ”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Evil is the one who created itself when it became arrogant
against God and against the Caliph of God. Iblis, may God curse him.”
   I said, “She said: ‘Why did God not just keep the mind only and light only, and isn’t Iblis himself
created from darkness and ignorance? So, what is his fault?’ ”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “She has not understood and will not understand. Who is
this person?”
   I mentioned her name to the Imam (From Him is Peace) and said, “She says she is only asking in
order to understand and not to object.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Tell her, fear God my daughter, and do not enter into a
matter which is more advanced than your mind, for verily I am afraid for you from this. There will
come a day where you shall sit in front of me and I shall explain this matter to you in great detail,
God-willing.”
   I said, “God-willing, God is great. All praises due to God.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Because the matter now shall not reach her in a complete
picture. These questions drag a person to atheism, God forbid.”
   I said, “Yes, by God, I have heard atheists pose the same questions.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “My son, do you know why? Because she shall think that she
has asked questions and has found no answers. And this is the ﬁrst door of the doors of the devil.”


                                          Who Goes to Hell?


   One day Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said to me, “My son, there are good
human beings who are good and pure and simple and don’t know anything except for prayer and
fasting and the apparent acts of worship and they have good intentions.”
   I said, “Yes, there are many like that.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “It is not fair that they go to hell. Verily, God is Just and
Generous and Merciful. All praises due to God.”
   I asked, “What happens to a Muslim, Christian, a Jew, or any other decent person who didn’t
recognize the Prophet, Messenger, or Vicegerent of their time, yet tried to live a good life doing good for
others?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “That individual would not go to hell. Neither will they go
to heaven. They would get the opportunity to incarnate again as someone closer to the Proof of God. For
example, if they were a Christian, they would incarnate as a Muslim. If they were Jewish, they would




                                                    251
                                              The Goal of the Wise


incarnate as a Christian. In other words, they would continue to incarnate until they arrive at the
highest truth.”
     I asked the Imam (From Him is Peace), “Some Christians have a doctrine called ‘The Harrowing
of Hell’ in which Jesus (PBUH) descended into hell between his Cruciﬁxion and his Resurrection in
order to save the good souls that were held captive there. As evidence for this they use the verses: ‘For the
gospel has for this purpose been preached even to those who are dead, that though they are judged in the
ﬂesh as people, they may live in the spirit according to the will of God.’ 10 and also: ‘He ascended,’ what
does it mean but that he had also descended into the lower parts of the earth?’ 11 The Nag Hammadi
scriptures also speak in detail about this event where souls were saved from hell and were given a new
chance as part of a new Covenant with God. My question is: Were all the souls that were in hellﬁre
saved and given a new chance as part of the new Covenant with Jesus (PBUH)? Or only the good
souls?”
     The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The good souls do not enter hellﬁre, this is incorrect.”
     I asked, “But did the event of freeing souls from hell happen at all? Or is it all false?”
     The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “It is all false, these are all distortions and fabrications and
are worth nothing.”
     I said, “So heaven is in degrees and hell is in degrees?”
     The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Iblis is at the lowest level of hell, and at the pit of hell it is
ice cold and not ﬁre.”
     I said to him (From Him is Peace), “My Father, in regard to the Judgment, is it the human being
who judges his own self? Is that how God created the human being? Does the human being create his
own heaven or hell by his own self-judgment of his deeds and thoughts?”
     The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Great job, you are correct. ‘Rather, man, against himself,
will be a witness.’ ”12
     I had also asked if atheists could enter into heaven or do they go to hell. The Imam (From Him
is Peace) said, “The most extreme level of disbelief is atheism.”


                                                  What Is Hell?


     I said to the Imam (From Him is Peace), “I have found in your words that you said that hell is
around us? So that means we can physically see it while we are alive now, correct? You also said to me
one day that we shall describe paradise to you before our death.”
     The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, that is correct.”




10
   The Holy Bible, Book of 1 Peter, Chapter 4, Verse 6
11
   The Holy Bible, Book of Ephesians , Chapter 4, Verse 9
12
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 75 (Al-Qiyama), Verse 14


                                                            252
                                                     Heaven and hell



       Then the Imam (From Him is Peace) recited a verse not found in the current Holy Qur’an that
is publicly available, “‫ ”…ﻗﺪ أﻓﻠﺢ ﻣﻦ دﺣﺎھﺎ‬and he said, “hellﬁre is the sun.”13
       I said, “Glory be to God! God is Great! It was in front of us the whole time.”
       Thus, we see that hell is described as a re because it is a literal re, the sun. The souls of those
who are evil and caused pain and harm and injustices to others and deserved to be punished nd
themselves being dragged to the sun where they will abide within, experiencing physical pain
caused by the conditions of the sun, and psychological pain by their own self-judgment of their
actions.


                                                Places Worse Than Hell


       One day Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) was speaking to me about the
hypocrites and traitors and said, “Yes, my son, they shall see The Great Terror (al-hawl al-azeem).”
       I said, “The hellﬁre?”
       He (From Him is Peace) said, “The ﬁre is more merciful and gentler.”
       I said, “There is no power nor might except by God. What is this Great Terror, may I be your
ransom?”
       The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The Great Terror, hell is a paradise in comparison to it.”
       I said, “I am in wonderment about this place, I have never heard of it, increase me, my Father.”
       He (From Him is Peace) said, “And now you have heard.”
       I said, “Can you clarify it for me, please? Is this a world? And where is it?”
       The Imam said, “Yes, son, that is for the likes of those. We have prepared it especially for those who
have betrayed you and hurt you.”
       Tears fell down my face and I wept and said, “Glory be to God, for me especially it was created?
For whoever betrays me?”
       The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The mind cannot comprehend the terror of the punishment
that is in it, nor can they comprehend the type of punishment because it is incomprehensible for the
mind. They are tormented by something called TRs.”
       I said, “TRs? What is that? Glory be to God. Is that an animal or machine or what?”
       The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “I told you it is incomprehensible for the minds, you shall
not understand it, but I gave you an example, hellﬁre is a paradise in comparison to it.”
       I said, “Glory be to God. Is this for whoever betrays the Family of Mohammed (From Them is
Peace)? Are Abu Bakr and Omar in it?”
       The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “It is for whoever betrays Abdullah son of Ahmed.”


13
     This verse ‘qad aﬂaHa man daHaha’ translates as ‘Successful is he who has expanded it’. This is among the
     verses in the Holy Qur’an that will be revealed and is not in the current version that is in the hands of the people. The
     complete Holy Qur’an is in the hands of the Qaim/Riser of the Family of Mohammed (PBUH & His Family).


                                                              253
The Goal of the Wise




        254
   Door Number Twenty-One


   the Source of Evil




“There is only one evil, ignorance.”
                                              The Goal of the Wise



                      od is Just and loves justice. God is Free and loves freedom.1 God created man in
                      His image, and the human soul loves and yearns for justice and freedom above
                      all. He created the human being free, with a just nature. Everyone blames God
                      for everything, they blame Him for the injustices in the world, yet they hate His
interferences and criticize His judgment and His heaven and hell. But is He really to blame for
anything at all? Atheists have long posed questions such as “If God is perfect then how did He
create such an imperfect world?” Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) answered that and
said God did not create this imperfect material world, rather Iblis (God’s curse is upon him) did.
He is an imperfect creator and thus his creation is awed.


                          More Than One Creator: The Creator vs. creators


There is One Absolute, Perfect Creator who we call “The God” and there are less perfect creators.
In the Holy Qur’an this is clear when God says: “So Blessed is Allah, the Best of Creators.”2 Allah is
the best of creators but there are other creators. We also have examples in the Holy Qur’an of Jesus
(PBUH) creating birds from clay and we have the prayer of Imam Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace)
where he says: “O Lord of lords and King of kings and Master of masters and Conqueror of
conquerors and O God of gods, send your prayers upon Mohammed and the Family of Mohammed,
and do such and such.”3 In the Holy Bible in the very beginning of the book of Genesis it says: “In
the beginning God(s) ‫ אֱ ִה֑ ים‬created the heavens and the earth.”4 The word for God is ‘Elohim’ which
is literally a plural form for “gods” in the Hebrew language (‫)אֱ ִה֑ ים‬. We also have in the Holy
Qur’an, “We have created you, why then do you not accept the truth?”5 While many may point to the
fact that these plural forms are honori cs, a form of respect or a royal ‘we’, the reality is they also
point to the multiplicity of creators. Is this an indication or an invitation towards polytheism
(shirk)? This is absolutely not the case and non-working religious authorities for centuries have
made this mistake. Rather, it points to a more complete understanding of who God is. It helps us
understand how He creates, how He delegates the power of creation to lesser creations, and most
relevant to this Door, why there is imperfection and evil.
    One day I asked Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) about the following hadith:


         The Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) said that Moses (PBUH) asked his
         Lord to make him know how the world began, and when it was created, and so God

1
  One of the attributes of God is “The Free” (Al-Hur). This is not an attribute mentioned in any of the canonical
  scriptures currently in the hands of the people (The Holy Bible, The Holy Qur’an). It is also not one of the
  famous 99 attributes widely circulated in the Muslim world. God’s names are in nite.
2
  The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 23 (Al-Mu’minun), Verse 14
3
  Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 82, p. 131
4
  The Holy Bible, Book of Genesis, Chapter 1, Verse 1
5
  The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 56 (Al-Waqi’ah), Verse 57


                                                         256
                                                The source of evil



           inspired Moses saying: “You are asking Me about the mysteries of My Knowledge?”
           Moses said: “O Lord, I would like to know that.” So He said: “O Moses! I created the
           world one hundred thousand thousand years ago multiplied by ten, and it was a
           wasteland for ﬁfty thousand years, then I began to build it so I built it up for ﬁfty
           thousand years, then I created in it a creation that looked like cows that ate My
           sustenance and worshiped other than Me for ﬁfty thousand years. So I caused them all
           to die in one hour, then I destroyed the world for ﬁfty thousand years, then I began to
           build it up again and it remained built for ﬁfty thousand years, then I created in it a
           sea and the sea remained for ﬁfty thousand years while nothing from the Earth drank,
           then I created a beast and sent it forth against the sea and it drank it up in one gulp.
           Then I created a small creature that was smaller than a wasp and larger than a ﬂy
           and I sent it against that beast and it stung it and killed it and the world then
           remained a wasteland for ﬁfty thousand years, then I began to build it up again and
           it remained for ﬁfty thousand years. Then I ﬁlled the whole Earth with reeds and I
           created turtles and sent the turtles against the reeds, so they ate them until there
           remained not a single one, then I destroyed it all in one hour, then the Earth remained
           a wasteland for ﬁfty thousand years, then I began to build it up and it remained for
           ﬁfty thousand years, then I created thirty Adams with thirty thousand years from one
           Adam to the next Adam. Then I destined that they all be destroyed. Then I created in
           it ﬁfty thousand thousand cities made from white silver and I created in every city a
           hundred thousand thousand palaces made of red gold and I ﬁlled the cities with
           mustard in the air, and in those days it was more delicious than honey and whiter
           than snow. I then created a single blind bird and I made its food be one mustard seed
           every one thousand years and it ate until it was all gone. Then I destroyed it and it
           remained a wasteland for ﬁfty thousand years, then I began to build it and it
           remained built for ﬁfty thousand years. Then I created your father Adam (PBUH)
           with My hands on a Friday at noon and I did not create anyone else from clay besides
           him and I brought forth from his loins the Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His
           Family).” 6


      I said, “My Father, is this hadith true? Did these creatures really exist?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) replied, “It is not entirely true. The cow people were a very early
creation that lived on this Earth. The part where it says ‘I created Adam with My hands and I did
not create anyone else from clay besides him’ means that Adam was the very ﬁrst creation that was
created with the hands of Ali, and it means that Adam is the son of Ali.”
      I said, “So who created creation before Ali (PBUH)?”

6
    Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 54, p. 331


                                                             257
                                          The Goal of the Wise



   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Many created, from them were you.”
   I said, “Me?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) replied, “Yes, you.”
   I said, “What did I create?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “You created what you created. You created Adloban Sim.”
   I said, “Adloban Sim?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “It was a semi-intelligent creation; its body was curved like
a banana, and it had large feet and a head like the head of a turtle but with ears that resembled
human ears. God destroyed them because they turned into oppressors.”
   I said, “My Father, if a person creates a certain creation, is it him who judges them or exterminates
them?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) replied, “Yes son, be patient with me and I shall make the entire
world stand confused regarding your matter and I shall cause humanity to be amazed at your matter
and I shall make history never stop speaking about you. Do you consider yourself to be a small entity
while within you is enfolded the greater universe?”


                                      Free Will and Disobedience


One day Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) was teaching me about the knowledge of
how to create beings from clay just as Jesus (PBUH) had created birds from clay, when I asked him
a question,
   “And this creature, shall I be in total control of it? Or shall it be free?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, for sure, for you are its creator and you have authority
over its life. The creature is free regarding what it does, but you have the freedom over its life and
death just like God has authority, of course without drawing a comparison between God and anything
or anyone.”
   I said, “Glory be to God.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The diﬀerence between one creator and another determines
a lot. Are you, for example, the same as Mohammed (PBUH & His Family)? What is the diﬀerence
between you and Mohammed (PBUH & His Family)? Do you have the same knowledge as Ali
(PBUH)? If Ali (PBUH) creates and Abdullah creates, shall there be a diﬀerence between the creation
of Ali (PBUH) and the creation of Abdullah?”
   I said, “There shall be a great diﬀerence.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) replied, “Good job, and the diﬀerence that shall be between what
you create and what he creates is that in your creation there shall be some ﬂaws or defects, perhaps
what you create shall turn out insane or cannot walk for example.”




                                                     258
                                          The source of evil



   I said, “So the diﬀerence is that the creation of any creature will be imperfect because all of creation
are in varying degrees of imperfection and imperfection begets imperfection?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, that is the diﬀerence.”
   I asked, “So the only perfect creation are the People of the Cloak, because they were the only creation
directly created by God Almighty, and God Almighty is Perfect and thus His Creation must be
Perfect?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, son.”
   I asked, “So imperfect creators could create lesser things such as ants, while more perfect creators
create human beings?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) replied, “The ant is a great creature, do not consider it to be a
small thing, on the contrary, the smaller the creation, the greater its creator.”
   I asked, “Does the creature that was created contain a soul?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “This is the lesson, the soul. The soul is the ﬁrst diﬀerence
between creators.”
   So, then the Imam (From Him is Peace) proceeded to explain to me what to do in order to
create the living creature out of clay, and then I said, “So now I just leave it until it wakes up?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) replied, “Yes, but pay attention and be very careful that your
mind doesn’t malfunction because you might see something that your brain cannot handle, or that you
won’t be able to comprehend at this point. You shall see things in the future that you never imagined.”
   I asked, “So when this creature awakens, shall I be the one who is completely controlling him,
meaning that he cannot do anything unless I tell it to or visualize it doing so?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “No son, remember, you are controlling only its life
[meaning when it comes to life] and when it dies. God creates, but most of His creation does not obey
Him and disobeys Him and angers Him.”
   I said, “Ok, now what must I do in order to bring forth its death when I will it?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Now here you must elevate more in order to learn this, and
it is here that you need the greater faith, just be careful son, be extremely careful while experimenting.
I do not want to hear tomorrow that something happened to Abdullah and your enemies will be happy
to hear that. If anything happened to you, it would break the heart of the Family of Mohammed.”
   I asked, “Like what could happen, my Father? Would the creature go crazy and kill me for
example?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Both and more than that is possible. Perhaps you create a
destructive creature. Jesus the son of Mary, almost died like that.”
   I asked, “What did he create?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Jesus the son of Mary (PBUH), was creating since he was
ﬁve years old. One day he created a creature that was made from electricity and not clay, and as soon




                                                    259
                                              The Goal of the Wise



as it was created it turned against him and sought to kill him and almost succeeded but in the end,
Jesus managed to escape.”
      I asked, “Is it possible that I die whilst I am your successor and if I die, what shall happen? And
what happens to the Will? Shall there come another Abdullah or how does it work if I die?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) replied, “You shall remain in the Will, and its companions shall
also remain, but if you die, Ahmed Al-Hassan would die and so would Moses and Jesus and all of the
Prophets and Messengers and we shall all wait another 100 or 150 years until everyone returns again.
But this shall not happen, we are only speaking about a hypothetical matter, but it has happened
before, but this I shall not speak about right now, but it has happened before.”
      I asked, “So the reason why the world is imperfect is because an imperfect creator created it?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes son, Iblis created this world and that is why it is how it
is, imperfect and full of suﬀering and death, temporary and not everlasting.”
      Perfection comes from knowledge or knowing God; imperfection is ignorance of God and His
appointed Guide (Imam). The more one knows God through His appointed Guide (Imam), the
more perfect they become. Their actions and creations become more perfect. The more a person is
ignorant of God, the more imperfect they are. Their actions and creations become more imperfect.
Free will gives us the choice to know God or be ignorant of Him. The purpose of all creation is to
know God through knowing and following His divinely appointed Guide (Imam) of their time.
The Holy Qur’an states, “And I did not create the jinn and humanity except to worship Me.”7 The
Holy Family (Ahlul-Bayt) (From Them is Peace) clari ed this verse by saying that ‘to worship Me’
means ‘to know Me.’ In another narration, the Holy Family (Ahlul-Bayt) (From Them is Peace)
further elaborated on the meaning of this verse, whereby Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace) said:
“Al-Hussein ibn Ali (PBUH) went forth to his companions and said: “O people, God the Almighty did
not create the creation except so that they may know Him. So if they know Him, they worship Him.
And if they worship Him, they abandon through His worship the worship of other than Him.” So a
man said to him: “O son of the Messenger of God, may my father and mother be ransomed for you,
what is then the Knowing of God?” He said: “It is the people of every age knowing their Imam whose
obedience is obligatory upon them. ”8


                                    Two Forces Almost Equal in Strength


      I said to Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “I have a question, my Father, but I pray
that my tongue helps me in translating the idea.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) replied, “Yes go ahead, my son.”



7
    The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 51 (Al-Dhariyat), Verse 56
8
    Al-Tafsir Al-Saﬁ, Al-Faiz Al-Kashani, Vol. 5, p. 75


                                                          260
                                               The source of evil



      I asked, “My Father, I was contemplating over some words of yours, you had said that the heart of
the human being is between two ﬁngers from the ﬁngers of the Most Merciful, an angel is a ﬁnger,
and the devil is a ﬁnger, and I asked myself why the devil has so much power. Why is he able to do so
much?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes son, good and evil. They are two forces that are almost
equal in strength. Iblis (God’s curse is upon him) has enough knowledge to control the entire world
completely and he would have done so were it not for the existence of God Almighty and were it not for
the existence of some secrets that were hidden from him. God is Just, and He is Wise. When a creature
reaches a state of faith, it causes them to be able to scoop up knowledge and gnosis as much as they have
faith. God grants them even though God knows that the creature shall be an enemy one day, but still
God does not judge anyone for a deed that they have not yet committed or a sin that they have not yet
done. What matters to God are the deeds He sees from that creature now. If you could only see how
much of a believer Iblis was, you would know how much of this knowledge he has taken and what stage
he has reached, and from my words you shall know how much knowledge he has gotten. This is because
he was a true believer, and he reached the epitome of faith, but in an instance the ego overtook him. ‘I
am better than Adam’, he said, and so he fell such a fall from which there is no return, into the depths
and pit of hell and what a misfortune that is.”
      I said, “So the verse which says: ‘And whoever takes Satan as a guardian instead of Allah has
certainly suﬀered a tremendous loss’ 9 is concerning this.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, when America, in such a short time in comparison to
all the other countries in modern and ancient times, was able to become so strong, and able to control
the entire world like this...”
      I asked, “Was it because they worshiped evil and used the power of evil?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “It is because they decided to take the devil, Iblis, and make
him into a God that they worship.”
      I said, “So the ﬁnger that is a ﬁnger of the Most Merciful is Iblis, the devil is Iblis.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, he is a ﬁnger from the ﬁngers of God because all of
what he has of knowledge is from God and he learned it from Him Almighty.”
      I said, “Glory be to God, there are religions that worshiped two forces, the forces of good and evil.
They said they are both from God. I just wanted to understand why the preferred ones of God
described Iblis as a ﬁnger of God and why the verse of the Qur’an says don’t worship the devil instead
of God.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Because sometimes the human worships the devil without
knowing, glorifying the devil without understanding or being aware of it. For example, when you say:
‘America is a great country’, or when you say: ‘There is no greater country than it’, this is an indirect
form of worship. Do you understand, my beloved?”

9
    The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 4 (Al-Nisa), Verse 119


                                                       261
                                                The Goal of the Wise



      I said, “Thank you Father. Now I understand.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Right now the forces of evil are in control because the people
are helping them, whether they are aware of it or not .”
      I said, “But isn’t God the One who owns both powers, good and evil?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Son, the source of the powers of evil is the forces of good, but
Iblis (God’s curse is upon him) is the one who turns it into evil. I shall give you a small example, this
phone that is between your hands right now, you can use it for good and you can use it for evil. Google,
for example, if you type in it ‘Sex Films’ it shall give you what you ask for, and if you type in it
‘Hadith of the Prince of the Believers’ it shall also give you what you ask. So, what do you call this
power that is between your hands, the phone, is it good or evil?”
      I said, “Neither this nor that, it is neutral. You can use it for good and evil.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) replied, “Good. Excellent. Then it is according to how you use it.
That is exactly how it is with the sciences and knowledge of God. You are the one in control and you can
use it for either good or evil. The user is the one to blame.”
      I said, “So when Iblis (God’s curse is upon him) dies, in whose hands do the forces of evil go?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The death of Iblis alone is not enough [for evil to
disappear] but rather the ideology of Iblis (God’s curse is upon him) must also die.”
      I said, “Does this mean that what Iblis (God’s curse is upon him) is doing today when he tells people
to fornicate etc., that these things or even the sciences or knowledge which he is teaching are not in
essence evil because it is possible that the Caliph of God also drop certain duties and religious
obligations from a human being, but the matter is actually just about the rebellion and ﬁghting of
Iblis?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, great job. And it is also about leading creation towards
sinning.”
      I said, “Yes, I understand.”


                                             Evil Is a Son of the Good


So, what we realize from this Door is that since the origin of all knowledge and all things was one
source and that source was the powers of good, the source of all evil is good. Imam Ahmed
Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) was speaking with me and Ali Al-Ghorai one day when he was
asked by Ali Al-Ghorai a question.
      Al-Ghorai asked, “The hadith which states that ‘Mohammed and Ali are the Fathers of this
nation,’10 does the word ‘nation’ here mean the Shia of the Family of Mohammed (PBUT)? And does
the word ‘Fathers’ here point towards the soul family?”


10
     Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 36, p. 9



                                                            262
                                              The source of evil



      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “That is for sure, my son.”
      Al-Ghorai said, “Yes, but the rest of the tradition made me confused, the rest of the tradition says:
‘And verily, our right upon them is greater than the right of their physical fathers upon them. We save
them if they obey us from hellﬁre and take them to the safe house and take them out of slavery to the
best of the free.’ ”11
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Allah, Allah. The right of Ali upon this nation is like the
right of a father upon his son.”
      Al-Ghorai asked, “I built my program upon [the concept that] this nation are the followers (Shia)
and I just wanted to make sure from you, my Master, that this is the case.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Your understanding is correct, my son, from one angle, and
from another angle it means that Mohammed and Ali (PBUT) are the Fathers of the entire nation,
the nation of humanity altogether.”
      Al-Ghorai said, “Even the hypocrites?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The hypocrites and the disbelievers and everyone upon the
Earth. Perhaps I shall say some words to you that will be heavy upon you.”
      Al-Ghorai said, “God-willing it won’t be and the matter is up to you, Master.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Who created Iblis (God’s curse is upon him)? And who
created Pharaoh the disbeliever? Who created Harun the not Rashid (the unrighteous)? And who
created Muawiyah and Yazeed (God’s curse is upon them)? And who created the ﬁrst and the second?
12
     Who?”
      Al-Ghorai said, “I understood from your books that God of course did, but He did describe
Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) as being the Gatherer and the Spreader.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Is He not the same Creator that created Mohammed and
Ali and Jesus and Al-Hassan and Al-Hussein and and and other than them from the righteous? And
I tell you that Ali is the Gatherer and the Spreader.”
      Al-Ghorai said, “I didn’t understand. Can you increase me?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “I shall increase you, God-willing, but not now.”
      Al-Ghorai said, “Thank you.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) replied, “Right now it will be diﬃcult for you to understand but
there shall come a day that I shall be able to tell you and you shall be able to grasp what you hear.”
      In conclusion, we see that there are more than one creator, and they di er in their level of
perfection and thus it a ects the perfection of their creation. All creatures created are given free will
and with free will comes the choice to disobey, deviate, and make errors. There are degrees to this,
and Iblis and his creation chose to disobey to the maximum degree. However, their time is limited

11
     Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 36, p. 11
12
     The rst and the second here is in reference to Abu Bakr and Omar ibn Al-Khattab, who ruled after Prophet
     Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) by way of usurping successorship from the Prophet’s true successor, Imam Ali
     ibn Abi Talib (From Him is Peace).


                                                        263
                                              The Goal of the Wise



and there is an appointed time. They chose to disobey and rebel against God and goodness. They
were originally good but chose to be evil.
      Evil is not a particular act or person, rather evil is the conscious free-willed choice to go against
the good. So killing, for example, is not inherently evil, because the very mechanism of
exterminating a life was invented in origin by good and this mechanism can be used for good, but
evil is the choice to murder good. Murder could be a good thing when it is exterminating the life of
a person who is to cause harm, for example, the story of the Righteous Servant killing the boy in
Surah Al-Kahf in the Holy Qur’an.13 Killing could be a good thing when a country decides to kill a
murderer or serial killer who refuses to stop killing, or when they choose to kill a war criminal who
committed mass genocide, such as Hitler. So in essence, killing is neither good nor evil, rather it is
how it is used. Nuclear power is neutral, it could be used for good and evil. It could be used as an
energy source to power a city, or it could be turned into a bomb to destroy a city. The de nition of
evil then, being sin, is disobeying God and His laws or commands. There are many examples.
Everything that exists or has ever been invented can be used for good or evil.
      Now we also understand that while Iblis, his son Cain, and their descendants are evil, they are
evil because they choose to be. They are not inherently evil because in origin their source is the light
like all creation, but they, the children of the darkness chose to be in the darkness, and the darkness
is nothing but the absence of light. As the Imam (From Him is Peace) said: “Evil created itself when
it chose to disobey God.” Evil is a choice to oppose, disobey, and ght against God. The origin of all
things, however, is good and that is why within all beings is still a spark of light. There can be no life
without light. Even if Iblis created the material bodies, Iblis ultimately is a creation of God, but
more precisely, he is a lesser, imperfect creation of the creation of God. Also, his creatures are
creations of God ultimately. Pharaoh, Nimrod, Abu-Lahab, and Abu-Sufyan are all creatures of
God in origin too.
      I asked Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “So then this is the meaning of the hadith
that says: ‘We are Adam and Noah and Pharaoh and Nimrod’, because everything is alive through
Him, even if by a percentage or dot of light?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes.”




13
     The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 18 (Al-Kahf), Verse 74


                                                       264
  Door Number Twenty-Two


           Karma




“As you do shall be done to you.”
                                            The Goal of the Wise


                      ccording to some studies on atheism, approximately 7 percent of the human
                      population identify as nonbelievers, which amounts to about 450 to 500 million
                      individuals.1 They are unconvinced that the Qur’an, Gospels, Torah or any other
                      book is really from God. To answer their wonderings and justify their denial of
God, they resort to science. They may reference theories such as evolution to explain the creation of
humans. They point out errors and inconsistencies in scriptures. For example, they may say there is
no empirical evidence of a Noahic Flood, a Mosaic Exodus, or a Jesuit Resurrection. The
anti-theists go further and consider religion to be a disease that plagues humanity and hinders
development. Religion is “the opium of the masses” and a tool to control people’s minds.
Ultimately, they are people looking for proof of God’s existence. They say there is no proof that
God exists and many of them say if there was proof they would believe. One day I was speaking
with someone and they jokingly said: “If this religion turned out to be false, I would become an
atheist.” I mentioned these comments to Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace).


                                           Religions Are Corrupt


      Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said, “Let me ask you the same question,
hypothetically speaking, if this religion turned out to be false, what would your response be?”
      I said, “I would be a Christian.” (I meant by this that if Prophet Mohammed’s (PBUH & His
Family) Will is false then the whole religion of Islam is false).
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “And what is the diﬀerence between Christianity and the
current form of Islam? It is a religion that consists of lies upon lies. Even Buddhism and all other
religions, what is the diﬀerence between them? They all consist of lies upon lies. The true word in the
response of the believer is atheism. Is that correct or wrong? I want you to answer me from your
heart. Isn’t atheism in this case the truth if all religions are a lie, even though it is an ugly truth?”
      I said, “There must be a Creator…”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Why?”
      I said, “No one passes by an old, abandoned building and says: ‘This building came into existence
spontaneously.’ ”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Prove to me that the Creator exists and do not depend on
anything I said previously.”
      I said, “The existence of things is proof enough of the existence of a Maker or Creator.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “That is not proof.”
      I said to the Imam (From Him is Peace), “Well then there is no proof.”




1
    The Oxford Handbook of Atheism, A World of Atheism: Global Demographics, Keysar & Navarro-Rivera


                                                       266
                                                   Karma


                                    An Intelligent, Infallible Creator


   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Because if you told me that creation and things that exist
were created by a Creator, I will ask to see that Creator, and who created Him and where is He and
what is the proof that He actually created everything.”
   I said, “Osho said before that ‘the reasoning is that how can existence be there without being created
by someone? That is the reasoning of all religions. But if you accept the reasoning, the question arises of
who created the Gods. And if God can be there without being created, then what is the problem? Then
existence can be there without being created, for you accept principally that something can be there
without being created.’ ”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “We are talking about an intelligent Creator, correct?”
   I said, “Yes.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “An infallible Creator, correct?”
   I said, “Yes.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “That is not correct, the Creator who is present makes
mistakes. I am talking to you now as a person who is debating you, away from all religion, forget that
I am Ahmed. If I place some food somewhere and it rots, and worms come out of it, whom will you
attribute this to?”
   I said, “God?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “What is your proof?”
   I said, “My proof is science.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “What is this science?”
   I said, “Human science has reached the point that it knows that when you mix certain chemicals in
a certain environment, life can sprout out of it.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Ok stop there, chemicals and a certain environment. What
does that have to do with God?”
   I said, “Because He is the primary source. Everything must have a source and energy.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Give me one proof that the primary source is God and give
me another proof that the source itself exists.”
   I said, “Every book has an author, and there is no such thing as a book which is written by itself.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “But there is, son.”
   I said, “What is this book?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Air and nature, they have written and carved sentences,
such as the name ‘Allah’, appearing in nature. Respond to this.”
   I said, “Intelligence is the proof.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “And who said that this is intelligence? The so-called
intelligence which you consider to be intelligent is what is calling itself intelligent. I mean that nothing
else came one day and said that human beings are intelligent. Human beings are the ones who decided


                                                     267
                                              The Goal of the Wise


that what they have is intelligence. ‘And a witness witnessed for themselves.’2 You are the one who
testiﬁed for yourself that you are intelligent and this is not a competent testimony. Let the cattle testify
to it and I shall admit that you have won. Let a horse come and say human beings are intelligent or
chickens or let the jinn come and testify or even let the devil testify.”
      I said, “I give up. There is no proof then, right?”


                                                    Karmic Justice


How can one prove the existence of God in a way that every human being can verify? Is there
tangible proof that could speak to every human being? Just when there seemed to be no proof,
Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) revealed something that shed light on an unexplored
aspect of our human experience altogether.
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said,


           I was talking to you as a person debating you, now I shall prove it to you. The proof is
           the constant feeling that everyone has, from all religious backgrounds, even atheists, all
           of creation, that there must be something that exists that we must worship. Our inner
           nature in the heart and mind of human beings, even if a person denies that he has this
           feeling. This feeling is the proof that God exists. Who made this feeling inside of
           creation and why did it come into existence? If you go anywhere, you will see this
           feeling is present with creation. If you go into the hearts of atheists, you will see it. And
           if you go to the heart of the jungles and approach humans who had never ever heard of
           any religion, you shall see that they too, worship something that they consider to be the
           Creator. In the end, everyone reaches one point, and that is, there is a hidden power
           which is controlling and ruling this world. And the proof is getting judged by the same
           (Karma). As you judge you shall be judged. Do you understand, son?


      I said, “Yes.”


                                                    Divine Justice


We have mentioned in previous Doors that God created the human being with a just nature, every
human being has an inclination towards justice within them. This innate characteristic that expects
fairness, equity, and justice leaves us with the following questions: Is there a link between this
innate yearning and the existence of an Absolute Judge who can implement this justice? How is
this justice/balance carried out throughout creation?


2
    The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 12 (Yusuf), Verse 26


                                                         268
                                                    Karma


The Imam (From Him is Peace) said,


           If a person doubts, he can think about one thing, and his certitude shall return to him
           if he uses it in a correct manner. If he thinks about the justice of the Creator. Who is
           the one who brings this justice, if someone does wrong to their parents or one of them for
           example? Who returns the actions of the person who wronged their parents? Who
           brought this justice into existence? You, for example, disrespect your parents, then the
           Creator responds to you with the likes of your own actions. Or a person who fornicates
           or transgresses against the honor of the people, God returns it to him and there shall
           come somebody who transgresses against the honor of the transgressor and as such. That
           is an example. “In the name of God, the Most Beneﬁcent, the Most Merciful. The
           fornicator shall marry none except a female fornicator or a female associator; (i.e., one
           who associates others with Allah) and the female fornicator, none shall marry her
           except a fornicator or a (male) associator; (i.e., one who associates others with Allah)
           and that is prohibited for the believers.”3 Fornication is a debt upon you, and you must
           pay for it from the people of your household. How could this be without a leader or
           judge? Does nature, for example, implement this justice? Justice, and He is the Just. He
           is God whom there is no God but He, the Eternal and Alive. This is enough for all fair
           individuals and for everyone who is sincerely searching for truth. Let them think of
           this justice. They shall know that there is a Creator. The one who is bad to his parents
           and the fornicator, I seek refuge with God. As you do shall be done unto you.


      I said to the Imam (From Him is Peace), “So now you have said the human is a watcher over his
own self and he is the one who judges his own self, and he is the one who creates his own paradise or his
own hell. Is this correct?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes.”
      I said, “In this idea, God seems very far from interfering in our lives, and it seems that God leaves
the freedom for every human being and his own conscience.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes.”
      I said, “And then there is this other thought, and it is the idea of a God who interferes and stands
watching, giving everyone what they deserve, the killer is killed, the fornicator must have a member of
his family fornicated with, as you do shall be done unto you. How can we gather between these two?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “There are two rights in this world. The right for the
plaintiﬀ and there is the public right. In some cases, the plaintiﬀ will give up his right and release the
accused because he did not cause any damage to the public or to the community. But the public right is
never dropped because the accused caused damage to the community. Murder and fornication etc.


3
    The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 24 (Al-Nur), Verse 3


                                                      269
                                                  The Goal of the Wise


must be returned to the one who committed them, because the person guilty of these things broke a
divine law.”
      I said to the Imam (From Him is Peace), “What if the fornicator is convinced he did not make a
mistake, like for example, if the fornicator really loves the girl and considers sleeping with her to be
normal like in the West?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Here there is a diﬀerence, but how much is the percentage of
people like that? In reality, my son, if you enter into the hearts of the people, you will ﬁnd that they
know this is wrong. And you will ﬁnd that they also have a bit of fear, but they do not show it.”
      I said, “Glory be to God.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) continued and said, “But in general, if you ﬁnd a person who
truly believes inside of him that this is not forbidden and that it is permissible, this individual would
never be judged.”
      I said, “Then, judgment is in his mind, he is the one who created it?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Good job.”
      I said, “So God never interferes in the ﬁrst place and does not judge anything.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “God placed a (Karmic) law, and we must walk upon it
and not go against it.”4
      I said, “But it is all from the mind or the conscience as you say.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Belief. It is belief. If you think that fornication is hallal
(permissible) then it is hallal.”
      I said, “And if you think that murder is permissible then it is permissible? Correct?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, but you will never ﬁnd someone who believes that. I
will simplify things for you. If you bring a rose, and you oﬀer it to one thousand people or one million
people, do you think that anyone will come forth and say to you the rose is ugly?”
      I said, “No.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Murder and fornication are like that exactly. Those who
do these two deeds, in the depths and far corners of their hearts, they know it is wrong and not lawful.”
      I said, “So in terms of Karma, the person who murders will be murdered and the person who
fornicates, someone will fornicate with their family member, and the person who mistreats his parents
will see the same treatment from their children?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes.”
      I said, “But what about the times when a murderer is not murdered?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Give me an example.”
      I said, “For example the New York maﬁa crime boss, John Gotti. He was imprisoned and died in
prison and was never murdered, even though he killed many people.”

4
    The law being referred to here is the Golden Rule of ethics found universally in all the major religions of the
    world. For example, in the book of Matthew it states: “Do to others what you would have them do to you.”
    (The Holy Bible, Book of Matthew, Chapter 7, Verse 12).


                                                              270
                                                    Karma


      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “What did he die of?”
      I said, “Cancer.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “He was murdered by cancer. As you do shall be done unto
you.”
      I said, “Glory be to God.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) continued, “As for those who have children that mistreat them, if
you ask any of them, and they are honest, they will tell you that they did the exact same thing to their
parents when they were growing up.”
      I said, “And what about the person who fornicates but his wife doesn’t fornicate?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Then his daughter will fornicate or one of the members of
his household.”
      So, in summary, God created man in His image, with the freedom to do what he wills and to be
his own watcher and his own judge. There are no angels keeping track of a person’s good deeds and
bad deeds, but rather the human being is lord over his own self. The soul is the lord of the
self. Every person is his own prosecutor, defender, watcher, judge and executioner. This is the
ultimate and most beautiful justice of God. He allows every person to judge their own selves. How
could anyone object to that? How could anyone object to this justice? If a person accepts truly in
their heart of hearts that murder or fornication or mistreating the parents is acceptable, they will
not be punished for it. But to accept it as permissible means they would accept that it be done unto
them. God sets up the justice system for creation and then leaves it to them.
      Now, having shed light on the justice of God which no one can argue against, Imam Ahmed
Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) proves the existence of God in a way that no person who is honest
with themselves can deny. Throughout the ages, religious leaders and followers of religion have
tried through many di erent ways to prove the existence of God to atheists and agnostics. Some
have attempted to do so using philosophical arguments, others have attempted to use science, yet
those arguments were often incomplete, too abstract, and inaccessible. However, we are now
provided with arguments that a person can verify within their own selves. They are no longer
distant or hypothetical. They are observable and veri able, with evidence from one’s own
experiences. The concepts of Karma and the God-Instinct, together, provide undeniable proof for
each one of us.
      In ancient Gnostic and mystic Jewish sources, it is written that the soul upon death will forget
its own identity, then watch its own life and nally judge it. Rabbi Benjamin Blech was given an
unexpected diagnosis that he had months to live. His struggle with his own mortality led him to
research Jewish mysticism and other stories of Near Death Experience (NDE).5 He wrote: “In
Kabbalah, the mystics add a small piece to the story. It is not only God who judges us. As we bid
farewell to the world, we are shown a ﬁlm that contains scenes of our entire lives. We are witnesses to


5
    Hope, Not Fear: Changing the Way We View Death, Rabbi Benjamin Blech


                                                       271
                                               The Goal of the Wise


every moment of our days on Earth as they pass before us with incredible rapidity. And as we watch
our own story unfold, there are times when we cringe with embarrassment; others when we smile with
glee. Our past moral lapses cause us to shudder in pain; our victories over our evil inclinations provide
us with a keen sense of spiritual triumph. It is then that we realize in retrospect that we alone are the
greatest judges of our own lives. What happens after death is that we gain the wisdom to evaluate our
own life by the standards of Heaven – because we have ﬁnally glimpsed an eternal perspective.”6




6
    The Jewish Approach to Life after Death, Rabbi Benjamin Blech


                                                          272
   Door Number Twenty-Three


The Reality of Memories




 “Memory is the scribe of the soul.”
                                              The Goal of the Wise


                     e are all born into this world without memories of who we were in previous
                     incarnations, but it is possible to retrieve those memories. Many people do in fact
                     retrieve memories from past lives, and there are many incidents that have been
                     recorded of children who would remember past lives in a dream or after seeing a
particular object or photograph, or incidents of people spontaneously regaining memories of past
lives. Where are memories from past lives stored? And how do we access them? What is the bene t
of accessing these memories? When did Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) remember
his past lives? These are the questions that I discussed with my Father Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan
(From Him is Peace). One day, I was talking with the Imam (From Him is Peace) about some older
pictures of him from when he was in university.
      Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said, “You know my son, in those days I never
thought my profession would have anything to do with religion. In fact, at that time, I didn’t even
know there was such a thing as the Mahdis, I only knew that there was Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His
Family) like the rest of the people.”
      I said, “You didn’t remember who you were? You didn’t know you were a Mahdi?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “It never even crossed my mind once that I was a Mahdi.”
      I said, “Me too, it never crossed my mind ever that I was a Mahdi. It was actually one of the
hardest things to accept on my whole path with you.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “It was only when your Grandfather (Imam Mahdi)
reminded me of myself did I remember.”
      I said, “If we reincarnate into new bodies with new brains, where is the memory of previous lives
stored?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Memories are stored in the soul. After every life they are
compressed, like you would compress a ﬁle on your computer, and you would have to unzip it to restore
the memories in a new life.”
      I said, “So what does the brain have to do with memories? Sometimes when people damage their
brains, do they lose their memories?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The brain is like a fax machine which receives and
interprets memories from the soul.”


                                   Accessing Memories Through Objects


Remembering memories from a past life is just like remembering a memory from your current life.
Scienti c research on reincarnation shows how memories of past lives can be independently veri ed
with tremendous detail.1 For example, Dr. Jim Tucker shows how children’s recollection of past
lives could not have been acquired through experience and proves beyond any doubt that these


1
    Return to Life: Extraordinary Cases of Children Who Remember Past Lives (2013), Jim Tucker, M.D.


                                                         274
                                            The reality of memories



children have memories of previous lives.2 Sometimes one forgets about something which took
place years ago and when they see an object or sense a smell, the scent causes their brain to be
    ooded with memories of that event. One small thing can trigger buried memories to resurface.
      True memories for the one who remembers are vivid, clear, and lucid. It is like recalling
traumatic events like a heart attack, a stroke, or the death of a loved one. A person who remembers
does not doubt the memory. Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) gave me something to
help me remember vividly who I was.
      One day the Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “I have something which I will give you and when I
give it to you, keep it.”
      I said, “What is it?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “It is a gift from me, your Father.”
      I said, “Glory be to God.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “It is something old that used to belong to you.”
      I said, “God is Great! What is it, my Father? Please tell me.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “I want you when you see it to be honest with yourself and
tell me if you remember it.”
      I said, “Yes, I will for sure do that, God-willing.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “And if you remember it my son, know that you shall begin
to remember everything and if you remember it, it shall open doors to knowledge that you used to know
very well in the past. And if this knowledge becomes known to you and you work by it, the Companion
of Egypt shall start emerging to the world even if it shall be against the will of everyone, and the far
and the near shall hear your name and the people shall start to come around you, and you shall have a
fan base that shall not be taken lightly, God-willing.”
      I asked the Imam (From Him is Peace), “Is it something that I wrote when I was Joseph?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “I shall not tell you until you see it with your own eyes.”


                                   Déjà Vu: Memories Trying to Resurface


      I said, “My Father, when I see someone in a true dream, are we actually sharing the same dream?
Is the other person whom I saw having the same dream?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, but one remembers and the other doesn’t.”
      I said, “Glory be to God, the High, the Great, Glory be to God, the High, the Great, Glory be to God,
the High, the Great.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “And perhaps both of them would remember the dream, but
neither of them mention the dream to the other. And if they do tell each other the dream, they would
actually be completely convinced that it actually happened in real life [and that it wasn’t a dream]

2
    Before: Children's Memories of Previous Lives (2021), Jim Tucker, M.D.


                                                           275
                                                The Goal of the Wise


and life would go on as if it were an event in real life. I will give you a small example. Did it ever
happen that you and your friend or one of your relatives or any person with you went to a place or to a
mall, for example, and you had never been to that place or mall before and yet you say: ‘We are sure
that there was such and such store here.’ ”
      I said, “Or we feel that we did the same thing before, the feeling of Déjà vu.”3
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, that means that it took place in a dream and
sometimes it would have taken place in your previous life.”
      I said, “Glory be to God.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “You have reached what was intended. This thing that you
feel you have done before, but are unable to concentrate on what it was (Déjà vu), there must come a
day when you’ll remember everything.”
      I said, “Glory be to God.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Then at that time you shall strike this world with your foot
and see it as a dead corpse and see how insigniﬁcant it is and you shall not care about it for the
remainder of your life.”
      I said, “I ask God that the day where I remember is close.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “God-willing. You will say, is this the world that everyone is
running after? What a heartbreak, the life that I wasted chasing after it and making my Lord, the
Lord of the Worlds, angry in it.”


                                       Some Questions on Remembering


I shall list here in this section a series of questions that I received from believers as well as answers
from Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) concerning the topic of memories and
remembering.4
      I said to Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “Someone asked me to ask you a question,
why do we not remember the Atom World and the Covenant taken upon us? Are we able to remember
it?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) replied, “You can remember it quite easily, whenever you will
and whenever you get close to God and make all your works for God and eliminate your existence and
believe that there is no power nor might except by God.”
      I said, “Someone is asking whether all the Mahdis remember their reality, and are the Mahdis the
same as the Chieftains (Nuqaba’) or are they other than them?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The Mahdis are not the Nuqaba’ and there are two
Mahdis only who remember who they are.”


3
    Déjà vu - a feeling that one has seen or heard something before (Merriam-Webster Dictionary).
4
    This dialogue took place in 2015.


                                                           276
                                            The reality of memories



I had also raised to the Imam (From Him is Peace) many questions from people who claimed to
have remembered incarnations as Prophets or Messengers or remembering lives of theirs from
certain time periods, almost always from the time periods of Buddha, Jesus and Mohammed
(PBUT). The Imam (From Him is Peace) almost always denied those memories and labeled them
as wishful thinking and imaginations based on love for those characters rather than actual
memories. We must be able to distinguish between what is a true memory and what is a wish. A
memory from a past life must be dealt with exactly as a memory from this life. When you
remember a matter that happened to you many years ago or last week or yesterday, some details may
be foggy, but you have no doubt that it happened. The same applies here. Memories of previous
incarnations leave the person without a doubt that he remembered what he remembered. Here is
one example:
      I said to the Imam (From Him is Peace), “My Father, today someone asked me a question, he said
that they had a memory that left him feeling that he was the Prophet of God Talut. He was ashamed
to ask the question.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “No, this is untrue.”


                           A Conversation With Michael (PBUH) On Memory


One of the peaks that a person can reach during their journey of spiritual development is a station
called The Cave. The Cave is a reference to a Chapter (Surah) called the Cave in the Holy Qur’an.5 It
tells the story of the Seven Sleepers. They were youth who abandoned society and their families,
and left every material thing behind to take refuge in the Cave. There they found safety, security,
and peace with God, away from the disbelievers. Many narrations from the Holy Household
(Ahlul-Bayt) make a connection between Surah Al-Kahf and Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family)
or the Seven Sleepers and the companions of the Imam (From Him is Peace). The Cave is an
allegory for the Imam. Whoever reaches the Cave, reaches a station so close to the Imam that they
essentially have reached an opening with the Imam (From Him is Peace) to where he communicates
with them, grants them a certain level of infallibility, full memory, and other spiritual gifts. To enter
into the Cave is to become one with the Imam by dissolving one’s self, ego, will, and existence.
Essentially, it is like the Night Journey (Al-Isra and Al-Mi’raj) that Prophet Mohammed (PBUH
& His Family) took, in which he dissolved his ego uniting with God.6
      One day I was speaking to Aba Michael (PBUH), who is one of the twelve who rst entered into
the Cave, and I said, “Someone asked me to ask you a question, when you entered into the Cave, did
you remember the Atom World?”



5
    The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 18 (Al-Kahf)
6
    The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 17 (Al-Isra), Verse 1


                                                      277
                                           The Goal of the Wise


      Aba Michael (PBUH) replied, “Yes, you remember everything, and you hate looking at the world.
When my Master wipes on your head, you shall remember all things.”
      I said, “When memories come back to you from your incarnations, do you remember everything
from your past life?”
      Aba Michael (PBUH) said, “No, not everything.”
      I said, “So you remember only some things?”
      Aba Michael (PBUH) said, “When I get closer to God, I will be able to remember (more) by (using
the key): there is no power nor might except by God.”
      I said, “In your incarnation as Abel, do you remember Adam (PBUH) and Cain? And the Prince
of the Believers (PBUH)?”
      Aba Michael (PBUH) said, “Yes, and I remember the place that I used to live in and sometimes I
forget as well.”


                              Memories of the Imam (From Him Is Peace)


      One day I asked Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) about some narrations, “There is
a hadith from Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) that says: ‘And a king named ‘Ham
Hawl Amsi’ (The meaning of his name is Al-Hassan) ruled, but he betrayed the Jews and spoke to
them with earnestness and goodness, he was cautious about a war and he endorsed a war, and he
appeased the East and the West, and his guards were the ones who assassinated him, and they were
evil and they were merchants.’ 7 And then there is the following narration about the Arab rulers; from
Imam Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace): ‘Whoever guarantees for me the death of Abdullah, I
guarantee for him the Riser.’ 8 And also: ‘The Mahdi does not rise except after greed, trials and
tribulations that are as dark as the night. The night of the family of ‘HASIB’ becomes dark until there
comes no morning upon them, and the family of ‘DOSAA’ diﬀer among themselves, so their kingship
falls like the falling of pottery from the hands of an absent-minded, distracted person, so it vanishes
suddenly from them, and their matter becomes dispersed, so there is no ‘Saud’ for them when the
‘Ankis’ enter, and the Knight of Al-Sufyan emerges with lies, and the banner of the Yamani rises fast
behind him soon, and it is a banner of guidance because it calls to the truth and to the straight path.
And the keys of Egypt go to the hands of the Mighty Warrior, he paves the way for the Mahdi with
many voices from the sky of Egypt, he reclaims Jerusalem, and there shall be great disagreements in all
the Earth, and blood spilled in the land of God all over, and the people of the East and the West diﬀer
amongst themselves, yes and the people of the qibla, and people will be in great distraught from the fear
that befalls them, so they remain upon this condition until a Caller calls out from the sky, so when he
calls, the people march, by God it is as if I’m looking at him between the Rukn and Maqam, people
pledging allegiance to him upon a new matter and a new rule and a new judgment and a new
7
    Al-Mahdi Al-Monthathar ‘ala Al-Abwab (The awaited Mahdi is approaching), Dr. Muhammad Isa Dawud, p. 122
8
    Asr-Al-Zuhur (Age of Appearance), Al-Shaikh Ali Al-Korani, p. 261


                                                      278
                                          The reality of memories



sunnah that is diﬃcult upon the Arabs. Verily, no banner of his will be rejected until he meets God.’9
The family of ‘DOSAA’: They are the House of Saud ruling over Hijaz, when the letters ‘DOSAA’ are
put together in the right order [in Arabic]. The family of Sabah is the family of ‘HASIB’. And the
following is from the Prince of the Believers (From Him is Peace): ‘And from them shall be the imams
of misguidance and the callers to hellﬁre. Kings and princes shall follow in their footsteps. They were
made into rulers by them, [ruling] upon the necks [of people], so they devoured the world through
them. If I willed, I would name them by their names, and the family of so and so, and the family of
Nun, and the family of Oud, and the Mutabarik, and the Muta’arif, and the Mutayamin and the
Mutamassir, and the one who strikes with words (Al-Qathif) and the one who shocks with ﬁre
(Al-Saddim) and the one who causes discord (Al-Fatin). And from them is the king and the chief and
the amir (prince) and the head and the governor and the leader.’ 10
The Striker (Al-Qathif) is Gaddaﬁ.
The one who causes shocks (Al-Saddim) is Saddam.
The family of Nun is the family of Nahyan [House of Nahyan].
The Mutamassir is who?
The Mutayamin [from Yemen] is Ali Abdallah Saleh.
And who is the family of Oud?
The Mutabarik is Hosni Mubarak
And the Muta’arif?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes.” Then he went silent for a few minutes and then he
said, “There is no God but God.”
      I said, “What is there?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “You reminded me of something that I did not like.”
      I said, “What is it, may my soul be your ransom?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “May God protect you, O light of my eyes. In one of my
incarnations, someone asked me about this same thing which you asked me.”
      I said, “Glory be to God, and what did you answer them with?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “When I answered him, he mocked me and so I left him
and turned my back to him and so he hit me with a rock on my head and made me fall on my face to
the ground.”
      I said, “There is no power nor might except by God! He struck you with a rock?! Who is this cursed
one?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “He is the Qathif (the Striker).”
      I said, “Gaddaﬁ?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes.”


9
    Al-Mufaja’a (The Surprise), Dr. Muḥammad Isa Dawud, p. 247
10
    What Imam Ali said concerning the End Times, Al-Sayed Ali Ashoor, p. 241


                                                        279
                                                The Goal of the Wise


      I asked the Imam (From Him is Peace), “He was with you in an incarnation? God is Great!”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes.”
      I said, “So you told him that the character in the narration ‘Al-Qathif’ was him, God curse him,
and he mocked you?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes.”
      I said, “Glory be to God, who was he in that day, Father?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Al-Ashaaf ibn Ishaq Abu Yazdri.”
      This was the reason why Muammar Gadda was killed by a bullet in the head. It was Karma for
striking the Seventh Imam Musa Al-Kathim (From Him is Peace), which is one of the incarnations
of Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), with a rock in the head. Although Abu Yazdri
(God’s curse is upon him) did not kill Imam Musa Al-Kathim (From Him is Peace), the Karma and
punishment for hurting an Imam from the Holy Household, a Prophet or Messenger, or a believer
is much more severe. Hence the hadith: “Fatimah is from me, whoever harms her has harmed me,
and whoever harms me has harmed God, and whoever harms God upon him is the curse of God, a
curse which ﬁlls the heavens and the earth.”11
      On another occasion the Imam (From Him is Peace) pointed to the picture of me as a child and
said, “In this picture of you as a child, there is nothing missing except for the green clothing and you
would be Abdullah the Infant” (Figure 1).12


Figure 1: Abdullah “The Infant”




      I said, “Glory be to God.”


11
     Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 43, p. 54
12
     This is the picture of Abdullah Hashem, Aba Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace) which the Imam (From Him is Peace) is
     speaking about. The Imam (From Him is Peace) is stating that he looked exactly as he did on the 10th of Muharram
     61 AH (680 CE) during the Battle of Karbala. This is Abdullah the “Infant” also known as Ali Asghar, the youngest
     martyr on the day of Ashura.


                                                           280
                                     The reality of memories



   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “If you want to see the face of the infant then look upon your
picture.”
   I said, “You were thirsty on that day for water, and I was crying, and you carried me, and you were
with me on that day. I shall now not leave you on this day and I shall carry you above the entire world,
God-willing.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “God is Great! When I carried you and walked with you
towards the people to ask for water for you, I tripped and stumbled twice.”
   I said, “Glory be to God. What was the reason for that?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “It was a sign that you were going to die.”
   I said, “Glory be to God. May the curses of God be upon Harmala and the nation.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “God’s curse is upon them, Joseph, my son. May God protect
you, my son, and grant you the best of rewards.”
   I said to him (From Him is Peace), “Perhaps on that day I bothered you with my weeping and
today, I am now bothering you perhaps with my weeping. I apologize for that.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Never apologize. I knew that you were going to say that to
me one day. You had to say it to me. May God protect you, my beloved.”


                           Beginning to Remember: The Cruci xion


My journey began with me not knowing anything about myself. I had no memories of my past
lives. However, I did have many dreams that turned out to be memories of past lives, and I shall
share those in the Door on Dreams. It took Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) to
awaken me initially from my slumber and remind me of who I was. The same happened with him
(From Him is Peace). He also was unaware of who he was. He did not have access to his memories
until his Father, the Twelfth Imam, Imam Mohammed ibn Al-Hassan, Al-Mahdi (PBUH & His
Family), awakened him. Memories can be accessed through dreams, meditative states, through
looking at objects, hearing familiar sounds, or smelling a particular scent, or they can just happen
spontaneously.
   One day I asked my Father (From Him is Peace), “When will I remember?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) responded, “Perhaps you just wake up one morning and
remember everything. Patience is the key.”
   Indeed, I was patient. Suddenly one day, a memory ashed before me. It was my rst memory
that clearly came back to me. It came in the form of one scene. It is as if one is looking back at a
highlight reel of their life. When a person remembers an incarnation, they will remember vivid
segments of that life, not every detail. I saw myself dead, laying in the arms of Mary, the Mother of
Jesus (PBUH), who in this day and age is Norhan, my wife. I was in the spirit, and I saw her
holding the body of Christ which I had just left, and she was holding it, weeping. I could see the



                                                   281
                                              The Goal of the Wise


cross. I could smell the air. I could feel the rain. I could see the Roman soldiers. I could see
everything as clearly as I see waking life. I felt a rush of emotions and I felt as if I was in that
moment. I told my Father about it.
      I said, “I had my ﬁrst memory, Father. I saw the Cruciﬁxion scene. I saw myself, I saw Norhan
carrying me. I saw the cross.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) responded, “It was painful, wasn’t it, my son?”
      I said, “Extremely.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) responded, “That is why we forget.”
      I said, “I can only imagine now what you felt when you described remembering Karbala, how do
you live with all these emotions? Will I remember Karbala?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) responded, “That is one incarnation that you might not
remember as you were so young.”
      After that, I went through intense experiences with my Father, some of which I will cover over
the course of the remainder of the Book. These experiences and keys led me to remember my other
incarnations, specialized knowledge, and many other things. It took me several years to remember,
and as such the process of remembering is di erent with each person. Some people have taken years
to remember, others remembered from the very rst day. Remembering is a continuous process. It
seems like every day we are recalling memories. Like Imam Ali (From Him is Peace) said:
“Knowledge is not in the sky in order to come down to you, nor is it in the earth that it rises out of it to
you, but knowledge is within you.”13 As Plato (PBUH) recounts the words of Socrates (PBUH) in
the Meno dialogue: “We do not learn, and what we call learning is only a process of recollection.”14




13
     Mausuat Al-Aqaed Al-Islamiah (Encyclopedia of Islamic Beliefs), Mohammed Al-Reyshahri, Vol. 2, p. 22
14
     The Collected Dialogues of Plato, edited by Edith Hamilton, Huntington Cairns, p. 364


                                                         282
           Door Number Twenty-Four


Dreams, Thoughts and Imaginations




   “I, the LORD, reveal myself to them in visions,
             I speak to them in dreams.”
                                          The Goal of the Wise



                      od Almighty has always spoken to humanity through dreams, sending glad
                      tidings, warnings and prophecies of things to come. Humanity has always been
                      fascinated with dreams and has always tried to interpret the symbolic meanings
                      within them. Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) said that the true
dream, or vision, is the nal and remaining part of Prophethood.1 The Qur’an, Gospels and Torah
tell the stories of Prophets whose Prophethood revolved around dreams, such as Abraham, Joseph,
Jacob and Daniel (PBUT). The importance of dreams is immense, and one of the signs of a true
Messenger from God is the ability to interpret dreams. For that reason, we will list in this Door
some of the knowledge of dreams that Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) has, as well as
dream interpretations which he gave.


                                         Three Types of Dreams


Research and popular culture have long tried to classify our dreams in a variety of ways. From
daydreaming to nightmares to lucid dreaming,2 dreams are a window into our soul and our
collective subconscious. According to C.G. Jung, there are primal symbols and universal archetypes
within dreams, such as water and the Tree of Life.3 But how do we discern with certitude? Imam
Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) clari ed the reality of dreams. He said to me one day
concerning dreams:


        Dreams don’t have anything to do with faith. What the son of Adam sees while
        thinking (thoughts and imaginations) or what he sees during the day comes to him at
        night. It is divided into the following categories, [the ﬁrst] being true visions and these
        are the visions or dreams in which you see an infallible or the dreams that an Imam or
        vicegerent sees. All those types of dreams are always true. [The second] type of dreams
        are warnings, and there are warning angels who warn people who have the slightest bit
        of hope in them, even if they are immoral people, or far away from religion and faith.
        The angels will come and warn them about what they are doing or try to guide them
        by the dream. The third type can be clariﬁed through this example; if there is a person
        who has enmity towards one of the believers or towards the Imams in his time or the
        preferred ones of God, and God wishes to lead them astray, He will cause them to see
        some things which will reﬂect their inner.



1
  The Prophet of God (PBUH & His Family) said: “Nothing remains of Prophethood but the glad tidings.” They
  asked, “What are the glad tidings?” He said: “The good dream.” - Mizan Al-Hikmah (The Scale of Wisdom),
  Mohammed Al-Reyshahri, Vol. 2, p. 1010
2
  Lucid dreaming is when a person becomes aware of the fact that they are dreaming.
3
  The Archetypes and the Collective Unconscious, C.G. Jung


                                                     284
                                 Dreams, Thoughts and Imaginations



So, in short, the Imam (From Him is Peace) is stating that our thoughts and imaginations during
waking life a ect what we see in our dreams. If I am thinking all day about a particular person, I am
likely to see them in my dream. Therefore, what we see in a dream does not have to do with how
strong of a believer I am, but rather, dreams are often telling us what our minds are preoccupied
with. Then the Imam (From Him is Peace) divides dreams into three categories:


       1. True Dreams: This category includes prophetic dreams that predict the future (such as
           the dream of Akhenaten which Joseph interpreted, in which he saw that Egypt would have
           seven years of drought), dreams with glad tidings (such as the dream of Joseph where he
           sees the planets and the sun and the moon prostrating to him), or dreams with an
           important life-changing message or command (such as the dream that Abraham
           (PBUH) had to sacri ce his son).


       2. Warning Dreams: This category includes dreams that attempt to correct the path of
           someone who has even a spark of hope within them. For example, the dream that the
           prisoner had in Surah Yusuf 4 (when he saw the birds eating from his head and Joseph
           interpreted it to mean that he would be cruci ed). This was a warning letting him know he
           would die within days and to prepare himself for that and to x himself.


       3. Re ective Dreams: This category of dreams is dangerous as they can often be
           misinterpreted. For example, there was a man who held enmity towards Imam Ahmed
           Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace). He believes him to be false and wants to prove it and he
           has a dream. In the dream he sees the Imam (From Him is Peace) swimming in dirty water.
           The man comes the next day and tells the Imam (From Him is Peace) in front of a group of
           people his dream, in an attempt to discredit him. The Imam (From Him is Peace) reveals
           the true meaning of the dream and says: “It was not I who was swimming in the dirty water,
           but it was you, for the person is a reﬂection of his brother.” The dream was given to the man
           with a true meaning that cannot be interpreted easily by the dreamer. In fact, the dream
           only re ected the man’s thoughts. The man was thinking all day and night that Imam
           Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) is a false Imam and his knowledge is all lies and
           corrupt. Therefore, what he saw was not the reality of the Imam, but it re ected his own
           thoughts about the Imam (From Him is Peace).




4
    The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 12 (Surah Yusuf)


                                                   285
                                        The Goal of the Wise



                                Dangers of Dream Interpretation


Can dreams be interpreted by anyone? What are the consequences of misinterpreting a dream?
One day, in 2015, some believers had asked Aba Michael (PBUH) some questions concerning
dreams and dream interpretation.
   The questioner asked, “Is it permissible for us to interpret our dreams or personal visions or not?”
   Aba Michael (PBUH) said, “No, it is not permissible, but it is allowed that a person says that he
understood such and such from the dream.”
   The questioner asked, “If it is not allowed, then how do I tell the people that I saw a dream which
shows that this religion is the truth? Because then someone might say, you do not have the ability to
interpret dreams.”
   Aba Michael (PBUH) said, “If the human being asks God about a matter and God responded to
him by giving him a vision or dream or inspired him, then that is God’s response to that person who
asked, and God gives him as much as his understanding and does not misguide him. God is the Most
Merciful and does not misguide His sincere servants.”
   During a certain time period there lived amongst us a certain individual. This individual would
constantly talk about dreams pertaining to him that other people had. He would go as far as
interpreting them and understanding them to mean that he was a Mahdi. I raised this issue to my
Father (From Him is Peace).
   I said, “In many circumstances the man will interrupt my speech and start changing the topic and
say: ‘Listen to this’ and he would play a recording where someone is narrating a dream that they had
where he was sitting on a couch next to you and Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family) and the rest of
the Mahdis in one row. He is making the implication that he understands the dream to mean that he
is a Mahdi.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “This dream means that he is close to the hearts of the
Mahdis and they love him.”
   I said, “I thought it meant that he is at the rank of a Mahdi, like Waqar.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “And why not? He is close (to the Mahdis’ hearts) BUT he is
not a Mahdi.”
   This shows that one can never interpret dreams of this nature for himself. The interpretation of
an infallible is always needed. The individual mentioned above ended up becoming utterly
disappointed when nding out he wasn’t a Mahdi and ended up leaving the faith and falling from
grace. On another occasion, there was an individual who informed me that he saw a dream where
he met Gabriel (PBUH) and Gabriel (PBUH) was telling him things to do. He asked me about this
dream, and I asked my Father.
   I said, “This brother had a dream in which he saw Gabriel telling him things to do.”




                                                  286
                                  Dreams, Thoughts and Imaginations



      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “I want to inform you of something very important, which
you can tell the people in order that everyone understands. You are the representative of God and their
Imam. God will not send down any command to any believer except that you know about it ﬁrst, and
except that it comes through you. The words of the infallible are above every dream, istikhara5 or sign.”
This means that God will never send someone a dream informing them to claim a rank without the
Messenger of God knowing about it or con rming it. So, for example, if we are in the time of Jesus
(PBUH), none of the disciples could go and slaughter their child because they saw a dream of it,
like Abraham (PBUH) did, without returning to Jesus (PBUH) rst to con rm if this is truly what
it meant or not. No one in the time of Moses (PBUH) could have a dream that they are a Prophet
of God and announce it, without con rming this with Moses (PBUH) rst.


                                          Dreams That Cause Doubt


      One day I said to my Father, “Some believers or those who claim faith, after believing, have said
that they received dreams that go against the religion, and they have come to me asking for the
interpretation of the dreams. One of them said that he saw a dream in which he heard a voice say to
him that Ahmed Murad is a liar, and another person says he saw a dream with a voice saying that he
is being deceived. And then the person said that they only want an interpretation for what they saw,
and they do not believe that Ahmed Murad is lying. Another person says that she feels bad because she
saw some bad dreams about the Call. One of the dreams is that she saw that the believers were working
for a false group, and they are being dragged from one country to another. And another dream she
had was of a believer who was telling her: ‘The Imam of the Black Banners that has squares on his
head is a fake Imam.’ She said these dreams are causing her to doubt and she asked that I send these
dreams to you. I told her: ‘If you really saw these dreams, they are not from God but rather from your
own doubting self and from the devil.’ ”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Your response was clear and suﬃcient. These dreams come
from doubt. Whenever a person doubts their religion it opens an opening for the devil to play with
them left and right. Whoever doubts this religion needs to review their faith in Prophet Mohammed
(PBUH & His Family) and the puriﬁed Household (Ahlul-Bayt). Certainly, the person who doubts
this religion doubts them, doubts their words, and as such they doubt God Almighty.”
      I said, “There is no room for doubt in this religion.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “All thanks are due to God. What would they do if the time
of the Greater Test came?”




5
    Istikharah means seeking counsel from God when needing to make a choice between two things. The person asks
     God to help him/her choose the best of the two.


                                                         287
                                              The Goal of the Wise



      I said, “I have had this question that I wanted to ask you about. My Father, sometimes we hear
people claim that they have had dreams against the religion or against you, or istikharas that come out
against the religion, etc. Is this God misguiding them or what?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Look son, this has two branches to it, the ﬁrst is lying
(meaning sometimes when people claim they saw these things, they didn’t, and are just lying). The
second branch is that when a person wishes that this matter be false or that the religion be false, God
gives them what they wish for, hence the verse ‘He misguides whom wills and guides whom wills.’ ”6
These doubting dreams obviously fall into the third category of dreams, the re ective dreams. The
individual is frightened, doubtful, unsure, looking for any excuse to leave the faith and is constantly
thinking about these doubts. Eventually she sees these matters in her dreams and they are not from
God but from her own self and the devil. The Imam’s response when he said that whoever doubts
this religion doubts God and the Ahlul-Bayt (From Them is Peace) is because Imam Ahmed
Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) and this religion came with the same proofs that all Prophets and
Messengers came with, the Will, Knowledge and Calling to the Rulership of God. Whoever
doubts in us, for sure should also doubt in Mohammed, Jesus, Buddha (PBUT) and every other
Prophet who came. Also, another point is that before a person enters this religion, it is required
that he or she ask God about the truthfulness of this religion. Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him
is Peace) has said that he does not want anyone to believe blindly, but rather the individual should
research, read, and investigate rst before believing. Then after that, they should ask God about us
and ask Him to keep them on the straight path and away from misguidance. If they believe that
God does not misguide His sincere servants, then when they do believe, the individual should be at
peace that they made all attempts to reach God and be upon the truth and now the individual
places his or her trust in Him. No God who misguides someone truly seeking Him is worthy of
worship. So, if our intentions are clear, the result is guaranteed, we will be upon the truth and only
the truth, because God is All-Hearing and All-Knowing. One day in 2015, Imam Ahmed
Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) demonstrated this matter to me.
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “I am going to ask you some questions and answer me. Are
you a believer in God? Do you believe that God does not misguide His sincere servants? Are you sincere
towards God?”
      I said, “Yes, I do not consider anyone who is not sincere, to have done everything that I have tried to
do and what I have done.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Then you are sincere, correct? And I am testifying in front
of God that you are, and that is a truthful testimony and God knows that without me testifying. My
son, what you have come to know, and what you will come to know, what has happened to you and
what will happen to you, has happened to other sincere, righteous believers. It happened with me at the
hands of my Master Imam Mohammed ibn Al-Hassan Al-Askari (PBUH). Are you going to be

6
    The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 14 (Ibrahim), Verse 4


                                                      288
                                   Dreams, Thoughts and Imaginations



patient? Are you going to bear patiently until you receive all goodness and light? Do you think that
Imamate comes easily, and the leadership of the nation comes out of thin air? What is your problem
then, my son?”
      I said, “If the matter is a matter of patience, I am not worried about that, all of time cannot cause
me to disbelieve in you or leave you.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “You cannot leave me son, and you will not be able to leave
me. Son, you are going to be after me, you must become complete in order that you be infallible. God
has made you at this point infallible from the major sins, and He shall make you infallible against all
minor sins. Be patient, verily God is with the patient. A day shall come, and life shall run out and this
body shall be gone with all its sweet times and sour. The days are running, and God shall enable His
vicegerent no matter what the disbelievers want, with us or without us, God shall establish His
authority on Earth, and it is enough for a believer that he helps pave the path to the Divine Just State
and for God’s rulership.”
      I said, “And that won’t happen except with you, my Father, that is the promise of God.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “And I am saying, you are telling the truth, this matter
shall not be except that.”


                                             Incarnation Revelation


      One day I asked the Imam (From Him is Peace) about the incarnation of my daughter Maleeka,
“My Father, in regard to my family, I love them very much, my wife and my daughter. Is it possible
for me to know who my daughter Maleeka is?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “You would like to know who she is?”
      I said, “Yes, by God, more than anything.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Ok, I shall ask of you something ﬁrst. Go and open the book
of God randomly and read from the right side what is written.”
      I did as he said and then said to the Imam (From Him is Peace), “In the Name of God, the Most
Beneﬁcent, the Most Merciful. Who entered upon him and greeted him with “Peace”! He later said,
‘Surely, we are afraid of you!’ They reassured him, ‘Do not be afraid! Surely, we give you good news of
a knowledgeable son.’ ”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Continue.”
      I said, “He wondered, ‘Do you give me good news despite my old age? What unlikely news!’ They
responded, ‘We give you good news in all truth, so do not be one of those who despair.’ ”7
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “May God send His Prayers and Peace upon Mohammed
and the Family of Mohammed, the Imams and the Mahdis and submit a true submission. It is
Maleeka (PBUH). Narjis (PBUH).”

7
    The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 15 (Al-Hijr), Verses 52-55


                                                          289
                                        The Goal of the Wise



   I said, “O God! Narjis!?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Narjis the Roman.”
   I said, “Glory be to you, O God!”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Do you think that you named her Maleeka by your own
will? No, by God.”
   I said to the Imam (From Him is Peace), “No, by God, Glory be to Him! My Father, we were
actually going to name her something else and then Norhan saw a dream that she should name her
Maleeka!”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “What were you going to name her?”
   I said, “Khadijah, after Khadijah the wife of the Greater Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His
Family).”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “There is no diﬀerence.”
   I said, “No diﬀerence?! So, Narjis is Khadijah!?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Narjis (PBUH) is Khadijah (PBUH) and the opposite is
true.”
   I said, “Glory be to God, the Most Merciful! I could almost die from joy!”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Take good care of her, my son.”
   I said, “I shall take care of her with all that I have, by God! What a mercy it is!”
   This is an example of an individual who had a dream that she should name her daughter a
particular name. Even though she had this dream, it did not cross her mind that the dream meant
that it was her daughter’s incarnation. In fact, it was one of the most shocking matters to us both at
the time, for we did not see ourselves worthy of that. Incarnations and memories of incarnations
can be revealed in dreams and they can be truth, but the only way to con rm its meaning is
through the interpretation of God’s viceroy, the infallible.


                                          Symbolic Dreams


Sometimes dreams are symbolic, coded, and have deeper meanings. These dreams are often di cult
for a person to understand without knowledge of the symbolism in dreams. It is a highly specialized
language on its own. An example of a dream like this is the dream of Akhenaten in the story of
Joseph, or the dreams of the two prisoners where one saw a bird eating from his head and the other
saw himself squeezing wine for his Lord.
   One day I said to Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “I saw a strange dream last
night.”
   Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) replied, “All thanks due to God, God-willing, it is
good.”




                                                   290
                              Dreams, Thoughts and Imaginations



   I said, “I saw that I was looking at my teeth and I had new teeth coming out, but it was under the
gums, and it did not come out yet, but I saw it emerging.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “O God, send your Peace and Blessings upon Mohammed
and the Family of Mohammed, the Imams and the Mahdis. It is gnosis my son, and power and
goodness and glory and perhaps you shall also have a newborn child, God-willing.”
   I said, “All thanks due to God.”
   These words of the Imam (From Him is Peace) proved to be true. I did indeed have a child,
about a year later, and the Imam (From Him is Peace) named her Sophia. This is an example of a
true dream, which was prophetic in nature about something which was to happen in the future,
and it did happen as interpreted.


                                      All Thoughts Already Exist


   One night I said, “My Father, I wanted to ask you about reality and how you said it was a dream.
Many times I would ﬁnd myself wishing for something to happen or thinking about a particular
thing and suddenly the topic is opened, and if I stop thinking about it the topic disappears. As such it
happens with others as well. Do these things that happen in our daily lives happen because we are the
ones attracting it to us? There is this experiment that Norhan tried where she thought about drums
and a duck, those two words, and after a few days, lo and behold, she sees drums next to a duck in
front of her.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes.”
   I said, “Like how we think about something and then see it in our dreams.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, my son, it is understood and clear. Shall I answer?”
   I said, “Yes please, my Father, if you are willing to, may my soul be your ransom.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “You are blessed, son. Yes, just about everything is present in
this world. Every idea, and every matter and everything that is called imagination and other than it.
All the ideas that humans can imagine, whether it is logical or not, are present. What people do is
attract to themselves what they are thinking about. Expect good and you shall ﬁnd it. Expect evil and
you shall ﬁnd it.”
   I said to the Imam (From Him is Peace), “Wow! Glory be to God.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The believer always has to expect good, and he shall see
good. That is the matter in all simplicity.”
   I said, “But my Father, can you clarify the part about anything the human being can imagine is
present whether it is logical or not? For example, if someone imagines a dragon or…”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “As long as the idea exists in the mind of the human, then it
is present here or there, on this Earth or on another planet.”




                                                    291
                                        The Goal of the Wise



   I said, “God is Great! God is Great! God is Great! So then my Father, for example, I saw this
British documentary about a large piece of cloth that is in a museum over there and this piece of cloth
has on it a map from the 14th century and on it there were drawings of strange creatures, or creatures
that the Roman historian Pliny wrote about, such as the Cynocephaly (humans with dog faces) and
headless men with faces in their chests and other strange people with large ears and dragons.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, they are all present, but they are not from this world.
There are also creatures that have heads in their private areas and their privates on their chests.”
   I said to the Imam (From Him is Peace), “Wow! That is strange!”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “There exists other than that, there exist creatures that are
the length of normal humans, but their bodies are as thin as thread and heavier than an adult
elephant.”
   I said, “Glory be to God, the Great Creator, the Fashioner of Images!”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “There also exists on one of these planets, the name of the
planet is Al-Aroos, creatures that look exactly like humans, but they are considered to be the animals of
that planet.”
   I said, “And they have minds like humans and language? Or are they like animals here in terms of
logic?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The intelligent creature there is a creature called Roob and
it looks exactly like a rabbit except that it is intelligent and walks on two legs. The human there is a
rabbit and the animal there is a human, so I mean ﬂip things.”
   I said to the Imam (From Him is Peace), “Is the size of the rabbit there the same as it is here or is it
the same size of a human here?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “No, it is the size of a bear.”
   I said, “Wow, and people there are our same size or are they small?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “They are our same size.”
   I said, “But their minds are like animals here?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Their minds are like the animals.”
   What Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) reveals here is absolutely fascinating. He is
simply stating that there is no such thing as an original thought, for all things have already been
thought of by God, and all thoughts of God are true and real, and since they are true and real, then
they exist, or else God’s thought would not be real and that is an impossibility. So, all thoughts and
possibilities already exist somewhere. This means that the Imam (From Him is Peace) is verifying
the many-worlds interpretation theory in quantum mechanics that states that all possible outcomes
are physically realized in some universe or world. It is one of the many multiverse theories in physics
and philosophy.




                                                   292
                                     Dreams, Thoughts and Imaginations



                                          Meetings in the Real World


    One day I asked Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) about a dream that I had, “My
Father, when Adam (PBUH) and Ahmed Aba Ibrahim came to visit me, he brought with him a ring
as a gift for me. That night that he gave it to me, I saw a dream where you said to me ‘I am the one
who sent the ring to you and here it is.’ ”
    The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, that is true. That ring used to belong to me and now it
is for you.”
    I said, “God is Great! My Father, the ring appears to have in it blood, is it your blood? In the
stone?”
    The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “No, my son, it is not my blood. It is your blood.”
    I said to the Imam (From Him is Peace), “My blood?”
    The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes.”
    I said, “From Karbala?”
    The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes.”
    There are many examples where the Imam (From Him is Peace) would come and talk to me in
my dreams, and his words in the dream would be exactly as in reality. For example, there were times
when I would see the Imam in the dream telling me he would speak to me that night, and then
precisely at the same time he told me he would, he would speak to me. Other times, the Imam
(From Him is Peace) would come and tell me in a dream about things to come and they would
happen as he said. Other times, he would teach me knowledge in dreams. When I would ask him
about it in waking life, he would con rm the exact same details I had experienced in the dream.
These dreams would take place in a dimension that is a higher reality, the true existence, or what
Aristotle (PBUH) called the world of essence.8
    Socrates and Plato (PBUT) have called it the world of forms or ideas.9 The world of forms or
ideas is the perfect existence of which everything in the lower realms is a partial and imperfect
re ection. Plato (PBUH) demonstrates this in his famous Allegory of the Cave, where Plato
(PBUH) describes prisoners chained together in a cave.10 Behind them is a re, and between the re
and the prisoners are people carrying puppets or other objects. The shadows on the wall are the
forms that are an illusion. They are a re ection of a higher reality. This is the real plane of existence
where everything exists in its true, absolute, timeless, and unchangeable form. All lucid dreaming
takes place here.




8
  Metaphysics, Aristotle
9
  The Republic, Plato
10
   The Allegory of the Cave, Plato


                                                     293
                                        The Goal of the Wise



                                 Dreams That Guide to the Truth


Many of the believers who came to believe in this religion were given dreams to reinforce their faith.
Others before believing asked God for a sign, and God gave it to them in the form of a true vision.
Over the last two decades the Imam (From Him is Peace) has received hundreds and thousands of
these reports from all over the globe, such as Iraq, Iran, Egypt, Jordan, Germany, Sweden, the
United Kingdom, the United States, Turkey, Azerbaijan, Pakistan, Thailand, Uruguay, Sudan,
Spain, Malaysia, Palestine, Tunisia, United Arab Emirates, Morocco, and Mauritania, to name
some. There are too many to list here, but we would like the readers to re ect upon this reality and
ask themselves: What are the odds of this happening? Clearly, the scale and breadth of this
phenomenon cannot be said to be ‘random’ or ‘delusions.’ Here are a few examples of dreams from
the many that believers reported, con rming to them the truthfulness of this religion.
   In 2015, while living in the United Kingdom, Sawsan Batul narrates: “I had a dream when I was
11 years old, and I had just heard about the Call. I was in a mosque and I looked up to see two people I
had never met before, one of them was Aba Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace) and the other was Imam
Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace). For some reason I had never seen or heard of them, but I
knew them and I knew their names. Aba Al-Sadiq had given me a pen and a paper, and on this paper
he had shown me the Will of Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family). I looked up at Imam
Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) and behind him I saw a picture of Imam Al-Hussein (From
Him is Peace), and instantly I knew he was Imam Al-Hussein, and from there I believed. After I had
this dream I went to my uncle’s house one day where I saw a picture of Aba Al-Sadiq and I recognized
who he was. I remember trying to recall his name until I was told ‘Aba Al-Sadiq’ and I said, ‘Yes, this
was the name.’ ”
   In 2015, while living in Egypt, Hamidreza Saghari, who grew up in the United Kingdom,
reported dreams concerning the Will of Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family): “I saw that
Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) came to me and he sat next to me, then he pointed to his
right side, and he said to me in the dream: ‘This is Abdullah who is mentioned in the Will’ (meaning
his Will), and when I looked to his right side, you (Abdullah Hashem Aba Al-Sadiq) were sitting
there.” He also saw a dream concerning the Cruci xion of Jesus (PBUH): “I saw that it was the
Cruciﬁxion of Jesus (PBUH), he was being cruciﬁed on the cross and many people were crying for him.
Then an image of Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) appeared in the sky and an image of
me, and the Prophet of God was explaining to me that the one who was cruciﬁed on the cross was not
Jesus (PBUH) himself and that it was Aba Al-Sadiq Abdullah Hashem.”
   In 2016, Caroline, a former atheist from Germany, reported the following, “I had believed in
Ahmed Al-Hassan for a while before the Call of the Black Banners in 2015. I had repeatedly asked
God to show me Ahmed Al-Hassan’s face in a dream. But, whenever I saw him, he had a light veil in
front of his face, and I could not see him. But shortly after I entered the Black Banners, I dreamt I was



                                                  294
                             Dreams, Thoughts and Imaginations



in a building and got a text message from Aba Al-Sadiq. He told me: ‘Come on the balcony and I will
ﬁnally show you Ahmed Al-Hassan.’ So, I went on the balcony, and I saw Aba Al-Sadiq standing
there smiling and he pointed towards Ahmed Al-Hassan. And for the ﬁrst time ever, I saw him with
his real face. I ran and hugged him and said, ‘Baba’ (Father). This was a big proof for the fact that
Aba Al-Sadiq is the door to Ahmed Al-Hassan, and we can only meet, see, and get to know Ahmed
Al-Hassan through Aba Al-Sadiq.”
   On March 23, 2022, Veronica who is originally from Uruguay and living in England reported
the following: “Aba Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace) was on my right side, and he had these numbers
ﬂoating around him. Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) was saying to me ‘Look how we can
describe the whole universe with just 10 numbers and its combinations from 0 to 9. Imagine how much
more it will be when the 27 letters will be revealed.’ I knew that it was you (Abdullah Hashem Aba
Al-Sadiq), the one to reveal the 27 letters (referring to the 27 letters of knowledge). He (Imam Ahmed
Al-Hassan) was on my left, hinting to you. In this dream, forms were not there, nor shapes, nor words,
nevertheless I saw and knew and recognized the Imam and Aba Al-Sadiq (From Them is Peace) and
knew where they were, and saw the numbers ﬂoating around Aba Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace) and
got the message. After that I woke up, then I fell asleep again, and my face appeared and with golden
letters it was being written: ‘You are blessed by God.’ As soon as the writing was ﬁnished, I woke up
again.”
   These examples are a few from thousands of dreams which we have documented that show the
diversity and range of true visions that enhance certitude in this religion, a source of comfort for the
believers, and reinforcement for those who choose to answer this divine Call.




                                                  295
The Goal of the Wise




        296
        Door Number Twenty-Five


Alien Life & Extraterrestrials




  “Who are these that ﬂy along like clouds,
        like doves to their nests?”
                                            The Goal of the Wise


                     ne of the most important questions that humanity has pondered over is ‘are we
                     alone in the universe?’ In the early seventies, Erich von Däniken’s book Chariots
                     of the Gods created a worldwide stir and inspired many depictions of
                     extraterrestrial life in popular culture.1 Is it possible that God did not create any
other lifeform on any other planet except for ours? In the divine scriptures, there is plenty of
evidence of life beyond our own. From Ezekiel’s wheels to the journey of Dhul-Qarnain, there is a
plethora of traditions and narrations within Judaism, Christianity, and Islam of alien-like entities
and civilizations in other worlds.
    One of the mysteries of Islam that has remained a mystery over the past 1,400 years has been the
identity of the two characters mentioned in Surah Al-Kahf, 2 Dhul-Qarnain and Al-Khidr, and the
nature of their incredible journey. Both Dhul-Qarnain and Al-Khidr are Arabic adjectives which
are used to describe the person. Dhul-Qarnain means ‘He with two horns’ and Al-Khidr means
‘The green one.’ Many have speculated throughout time on the identity of these two individuals.
Some have claimed that Dhul-Qarnain was Alexander the Great, others claimed he was Cyrus the
Great, while others claimed Al-Khidr to be Elisha or Saint George. I sought to get answers from
Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) on the topic and what he revealed was nothing less
than fascinating and groundbreaking.


                                      The Journey of Dhul-Qarnain


Who is Dhul-Qarnain? What was his journey? How did he travel? Why does it matter? While the
speculations about the reality of Dhul-Qarnain’s journey and its implications continue, it is
amongst the knowledge that can only be revealed by the Proof of God. Here for the rst time,
Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) reveals its reality.
    One day I said to my Father (From Him is Peace), “My Father, can I ask you a question or two
about something?”
    The Imam (From Him is Peace) replied, “Yes my son, go ahead.”
    I said, “In regard to the journey of Dhul-Qarnain, did he travel to other dimensions or other
planets? And where and how did he go to those places in his time? And what were these types of peoples
that the Qur’an mentioned?”3
    The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “My son, that did not take place on Earth.”
    I said, “So it was on another planet?”
    The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “These peoples were not on Earth.”
    I said, “So was it a world intersecting with ours?”
    The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “It was another planet.”

1
  Chariots of the Gods, Erich von Däniken
2
  The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 18 (Al-Kahf)
3
  The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 18 (Al-Kahf), Verses 83-101


                                                         298
                                    Alien Life & Extraterrestrials


   I said, “So the darkness in which he traveled was space?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “When you leave the Earth’s atmosphere, the sky becomes
dark because the sun rays, when passing through the ozone layer, form the light which comes to us from
the sun. But when you leave the atmosphere, it will be darkness. That is the meaning of the darkness.”
   I said, “How did he travel in it, my Father? And did he have a spaceship? Or how did he breathe in
the darkness of space?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “He traveled through a divinely made means which he
attained. It resembles to a large degree what modern science has reached today, but for sure it was
better because it was from the making of God.”
   I said, “From the making of God? What does that mean, my Father? Was it a biological
spaceship?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “You could call it a beast, yes a biological spaceship that was
created speciﬁcally for this purpose.”
   I said, “Is this creature still present on Earth?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, it is present.”
   I said, “What is it my Father? Where is it?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “It is in an area where no human has ever stepped foot
before.”
   I said, “Where? In the bottom of the ocean somewhere?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “I shall not tell you the details right now, but I will give you
some hints. It lives in the jungles where no human has stepped foot until this very day. Humans have
ﬂown over it, but no one has explored deep into it yet. Those who have tried to do so and entered into it
have never come back.”
   I said, “Is it a large creature or a small one?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “It is approximately the size of a car.”
   I asked the Imam (From Him is Peace), “So it’s like the Bermuda Triangle?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes. This creature feeds on gases and Oxygen and Carbon
Dioxide.”
   I said, “Like plants or bacteria?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes. And it is very inactive and does not like to move at
all.”
   I said, “So it is not easy to spot?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “It does not move from its place except once in a very long
period of time.”
   I said, “The areas that I know that were not completely explored are the jungles of the Amazon and
also some of the jungles of India.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “It is approximately in one of those areas.”



                                                        299
                                              The Goal of the Wise


      I asked Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “Who was Dhul-Qarnain (PBUH)? And
can you tell me about his journey?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “He was a King from Daylam (modern-day northern
Iran/Azerbaijan) whose name was Eram (Aram). The number of the soldiers in the army of
Dhul-Qarnain was 10,313 and the journey of Dhul-Qarnain was an interstellar journey and the
planets which Dhul-Qarnain and his army visited, were approximately 2,600,000 light years away.”
      I said, “And then what was the meaning of the verse that states: ‘Until when he reached the setting
of the sun, he found it setting in a spring of dark mud, and he found near it a people’?”4
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The thing which descended was something similar to what
people on Earth consider the sun to be, so the Qur’an called it a sun. It was a pillar which emitted what
you could consider to be a green light in human beings’ understanding of colors. As for the muddy
spring, this was something that resembled a volcano in the human understanding of things. As for the
people who were at the setting of the sun, it is very hard to envision those people for there exists no
creature on our planet that resembles them. As for the creatures that Dhul-Qarnain met at the rising
of the sun, their heads resembled the heads of piranhas and their bodies diﬀered one to the other.”
      I said, “And Al-Khidr was Jeremiah.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, son. I shall tell you what you used to work as (in your
incarnation as Jeremiah), you were a lumberjack, son, you would cut wood and go and sell it and live
oﬀ it. You were a brave man, very generous and very strong. Jeremiah had great physical strength and
was brave and fearless.”
      I said, “And how was Dhul-Qarnain able to speak with those peoples? Did he know their
languages?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, he was ﬂuent in their languages, and they were ﬂuent
in ours.”
      I said, “My Father, is anyone going to do as Dhul-Qarnain did again? The narrations state that
you shall travel in the ways he did, the ways of the heavens and the earth?”5
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “All thanks due to God.”
      I said, “Please take me with you when you go, I have been dreaming of this ever since I was young.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Glory be to God. God-willing.”
      I said, “By God, ever since I was a young child, I would stare at the sky and dream to travel through
space like Dhul-Qarnain and see what is out there from the diﬀerent creatures.”




4
    The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 18 (Al-Kahf), Verse 86
5
    Imam Al-Baqir (PBUH) said: “He descends in seven domes of light, and it is not known in which of them he is when
     he descends in Kufa, so this is when he descends.” - Mo'jam Ahadeeth Imam Al-Mahdi (AS), Al-Shaikh Ali
     Al-Korani, Vol. 5, p. 45



                                                         300
                                  Alien Life & Extraterrestrials


   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “You resemble me in that my son, you inherited this from
me. When I was a child, I used to look at the sky and see what my Lord created, and in my dreams, I
would always see myself going into space.”


                     Al-Khidr Drinks From the Fountain & the Tree of Life


We have already discussed the symbolism of the tree in the Garden of Eden, but there is another
tree on Earth called the Tree of Life. While the Tree mentioned in regard to the Garden of Eden was
actually Fatimah Al-Zahra (From Her is Peace), this was because it was in the Garden of Eden. As
for the Tree of Life in this story, it is not Fatimah (From Her is Peace), for here we are talking about
a tree and fountain that is the source of physical life on the planet. So, what was the Tree of Life and
the mysterious Fountain that Al-Khidr (Jeremiah) discovered and drank from?
   One day I said to my Father (From Him is Peace), “My Father, the Tree of Life and the Fountain
that Al-Khidr drank from, was it on another planet or on Earth? The Fountain of Youth.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “It is present on Earth my son, and it is present on every
planet that has life.”
   I said, “And the one who drinks from it does not die except for when he wants to die.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, he does not die until he wants to die.”
   I said, “Where is it located on this Earth?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “No one who wishes to live can ﬁnd it, only one who wishes to
die.”
   I said, “Only one who wishes to die? So, Al-Khidr wanted to die?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, Dhul-Qarnain wanted to live but could not ﬁnd it,
only Al-Khidr found it. There is a type of bird that travels to this Fountain every year, if you follow it,
you can ﬁnd it.”
   I said, “What bird is this?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “It is a bird which is gray in color, and it ﬂies to the
Fountain every year. God allows it to ﬁnd it. The bird often ﬂies into things in an attempt to end its
own life.”
   I said, “I wish to see it one day in this incarnation.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Do you wish to drink from it?”
   I said, “I already drank from it, when I believed in you.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “God bless you, my beloved.”
   I said, “I prefer the death of the Family of Mohammed and the life of the Family of Mohammed
(PBUT).”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Congratulations to you my beloved, you have spoken the
truth, O pure, honest one, my son Joseph.”



                                                    301
                                               The Goal of the Wise


The Tree of Life sprouts out of a lake, and the water of that lake and the tree itself give a person
everlasting life. Whoever drinks from it remains eternally youthful and they remain immune to
death until they themselves desire to die. God in His Wisdom, however, made it unattainable and
hidden from all those who wish to abide in this world forever, and made it only attainable for those
who wish for the hereafter. It is like the many narrations from the Prophets, Messengers and
Ahlul-Bayt (From Them is Peace) on the world. Whenever a person chases after it, it turns its back
and whenever you turn your back on the world, it throws itself at you.6


                                              Alien-Human Hybrid


People often wonder, if extraterrestrials do exist, why do they not appear or make open contact
with humanity? Sometimes the best place to hide is in open sight. In nature, some species of insects
such as the blue butter y Maculinea can change its acoustical emissions to sound like the queen
ant. The butter y then controls the ants, commanding them to feed it and its larvae. One could say
the butter y successfully shapeshifted in the minds of the ants into the queen ant. What if
extraterrestrials were able to do the same or like that on Earth with us? What if they were able to
produce certain emissions that would cause us to see them in our image?
      I said to the Imam (From Him is Peace), “Are there extraterrestrials living on Earth that can
shapeshift in our image?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes son, there are.”
      I showed Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) a photograph of a man’s eyes and I
asked him, “Is this one of them? The creatures that shapeshift to look like us. Is this an image of one of
them?”


Figure 1: Photograph of Man’s Snake Eyes




6
    Imam Ali (PBUH) said: “Whomever seeks the hereafter, the worldly life seeks him.” - Sharḥ Nahj Al-Balāgha, Ibn
     Abi Al-Hadid, Vol. 20, p. 76


                                                          302
                                     Alien Life & Extraterrestrials


   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “No my son, this is a human.”
   I said, “But his nature is like a snake, that’s what you meant by people with eyes like these?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Anyone that you see has bags under their eyes from staying
up at night is a human.”
   I said, “Glory be to God.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “What is his nature? What does he do?”
   I said, “He is an American Senator who works for the government.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “He is a human. Tomorrow, I shall send you a picture,
God-willing, in order that you know, and you can use it as a sample.”
   I said, “What are these creatures doing here, Father? What do they want?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Many things, my son.”
   I said, “Like controlling us?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said: “They are here for knowledge, to destroy things, to have
intercourse, to terrorize, many things.”
   I said, “So they are all evil?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Not all of them, some types of them are here looking for
knowledge.”
   I said, “And do human women get pregnant from them and give birth to their children?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “It happens at times.”
   I said, “Do they abduct people?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Many of the unsolved murders and kidnappings were
committed by these creatures. Most of these creatures that visit our planet consider us to have extremely
low intelligence. Many times, they abduct people from this planet in order to conduct experiments and
examinations on them, and they have reasons for selecting the particular people whom they abduct.
They do not abduct people randomly. However, most of the extraterrestrials that come to this planet
come for sex.”
   I said, “They come for sex?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, and in addition to the millions of extraterrestrials on
this planet right now, there also exists a large number of human-alien hybrids. Some of them know
they are of extraterrestrial origin and others do not. A human-alien hybrid is a child who was born as
a result of a sexual relationship between an extraterrestrial and a human. Human DNA is more
powerful than extraterrestrial DNA. For that reason, most hybrids are born looking like a normal
human, but in some cases, after several generations from the crossbreeding and after the hybrid has
children and grandchildren, the extraterrestrial DNA begins to show at some point. This causes the
child which is born from human-extraterrestrial ancestry to be born with what modern science calls a
disease, but in reality, it is only extraterrestrial DNA appearing in that child.”
   I said, “Like what diseases?”



                                                   303
                                         The Goal of the Wise


   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “For example, children that are born with the condition that
modern medicine calls Harlequin Ichthyosis are in fact descendants of an extraterrestrial. The species
of extraterrestrials which they descend from are called ‘Asor.’ The Asor are a species of extraterrestrials
that have the ability to shapeshift into the image of a human being. They are currently present on our
planet and have been for quite a time. In their natural appearance they have scaly skin and gray eyes
and the adult Asor resembles very much the adults with Harlequin Ichthyosis.”


Figure 2: Asor




   I said, “Are they (the diﬀerent species living on Earth) from outer space my Father? Or from a
parallel dimension? Or from where are they?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes my son, from outer space and from other worlds that
intersect with this world of ours.”
   I said, “God is Great! I was sure that this was the case. I had a feeling since childhood.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “It is not just a feeling but rather it is insight, the insight of
the Family of Mohammed in you, my son.”


                                             They’re Here


The Imam (From Him is Peace) showed me a picture of a woman in her mid-twenties with very
large almond-shaped eyes. Here is an approximation of the actual image (Figure 3).




                                                   304
                                   Alien Life & Extraterrestrials


Figure 3: Depiction of Large Almond-Shaped Eyes




   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Do you see it?”
   I said, “Her eyes are really strange, is she an extraterrestrial?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes my son, she is from another planet, but her mother is a
human.”
   I said, “My Father, is this how they look or are they taking this human form? Do they naturally
look like us or do they shapeshift?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Some of them resemble us naturally and others do not but
have the ability to shapeshift.”
   I said, “Glory be to God.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Did you see her eyes?”
   I said, “Yes, they are large and strange looking and have an odd color.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Shall I tell you something stranger than that? She is not a
female.”
   I said, “Wow, does she know that she is not from here or does she think that she is a human?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “This one, in particular, knows that she is not a human
being.”
   I said, “Are they controlling the planet right now?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “No.”
   I said, “Are their numbers few?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, they are not many. If you compare them to the human
beings on the planet, they are not many.”
   I said, “So (on the planet) they are in the hundreds of thousands or millions?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, my son.”




                                                    305
                                                 The Goal of the Wise


      I said, “Are there believers from them?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “There are currently believers from the jinn (in this religion)
and some extraterrestrials.”


                                   Let the Human Beings Give Victory First


      I said, “I had read in the narrations that there are people from Jabalaka and Jabarasa who give
victory to the Qaim/Riser, who are these people from Jabalaka and Jabarasa? The ones mentioned in
the narrations of the Family of Mohammed (PBUH & His Family). Are they extraterrestrials?”7
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Let human beings give victory ﬁrst, then let those give
victory.”
      I said, “And Gog and Magog are extraterrestrials, aren’t they?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, my son.”
      I said, “My Father, many years ago, I had the most horriﬁc dream I had ever seen in my life.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Tell it to me, son.”
      I said, “I woke up from my sleep and I was sweating profusely, and I was shaking. My whole being
was terriﬁed. I had seen that I was standing with some people, and I was looking at the ﬁeld in front
of me and suddenly Giants came running towards me from a distance and I knew they were Gog and
Magog. They were striking humans with sticks, ﬂinging them left and right and they were killing
them. I woke up suddenly and the scene till this day has not escaped my mind. It was so real; I cannot
even explain it.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “It is a memory from the time you were Al-Khidr and you
traveled through space with Dhul-Qarnain.”
      I said, “Will humans ﬁnd out about extraterrestrials living amongst us or shall it remain secret?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “They will ﬁnd out about it when they are able to digest the
matter.”
      I said, “There are some scientists speaking about this matter now, former employees of NASA and
others who have videos on the internet. But I do not think that most people believe their speech. My
Father, in your book on Gog and Magog, will you tell us how to tell which planets have life on it? Will
there be in the book a method to travel to these planets?”



7
    The Prince of the Believers Imam Ali (PBUH) said: “God has a village behind the sunset called Jabalaka. In Jabalaka
    there are seventy thousand nations, none of its nations is like this one, they have never disobeyed God not even by the
    blink of an eye. They do not do a work nor say a word except that they make Duaa against the rst and the second
    and announce their innocence of them, and announce their Wilayah to the Household of the Messenger of Allah
    (PBUH & His Family).” In another narration: “...They have never disobeyed God and they do not know Satan and
    they do not know about the creation of Satan, we meet with them every now and then, so they ask us for what they
    need and they ask us to pray for them, so we teach them and they ask us about our Qaim/Riser until he appears.”
     - Basa’ir Al-Darajat, Mohammed Al-Safar, pp. 510-511


                                                            306
                                   Alien Life & Extraterrestrials


   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “When we explain this matter, the people will know that
this matter was within their reach, but they were ignorant of it.”
   I asked the Imam (From Him is Peace), “Is the method of travel physical or astral?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Physical, my son.”


                                       An Ahmed in Each World


The universe consists of multiple planes of existence and everything is connected. Our souls are also
multidimensional, and the Imam (From Him is Peace) explains how this is so.
   I said, “And my Father, are you the Proof over these beings on these other planets?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “This me?”
   I said, “Yes.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “No, there is another Ahmed that is a Proof over them.”
   I said, “Do you mean that you have bodies in their worlds?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, my son.”
   I said, “And you are the Ahmed there and appear to them in their images?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Great job.”
   I said, “And the same with the Mahdis after you? Do I have bodies there too?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, and all the Prophets and Messengers.”
   I said, “So the 313 are in all the worlds right now?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, and all the Prophets and Messengers.”
   I said, “So this is a Cosmic Revolution and not just an Earthly one?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) replied, “All thanks due to God, Lord of the Worlds.”
   I said, “Can we communicate with ourselves in other worlds?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “No, that would not happen and if we assume that it did,
both versions of the person would disintegrate and fade away.”
   I said, “Like Matter and Anti-Matter?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, great job.”


                                                Derinkuyu


One day Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) spoke to me about the ancient
underground city in Turkey which exists in the Derinkuyu district.
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Do you know my son that underneath almost the entire
earth there exists cities and tunnels like this one?”
   I said, “Who does it belong to?”




                                                        307
                                        The Goal of the Wise


   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “They are inhabited by an extraterrestrial race, only a
small part of these cities was discovered in Turkey (referring to the city in Derinkuyu). When this part
was discovered, the extraterrestrials left to other parts of the city, and this part that was discovered
remained.”
   I said, “Glory be to God.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “These extraterrestrials are from the believers and
supporters of the Messiah, Jesus the son of Mary (PBUH) and they communicate with him today in his
return through telepathy.”
   Archaeologists have discovered underground “churches” where these beings worshiped and
conducted religious services. This led some to believe that these were Christian communities who
were escaping persecution. However, this was not the case.


Figure 4: Derinkuyu Underground City Map




Figure 5: Underground Church




                                                  308
                                  Alien Life & Extraterrestrials


                                         Who Are the Greys?


One of the most popular depictions of aliens in popular culture is the Grey Alien (Figure 6).
Stories and images of the Grey Alien began circulating after the famous Roswell UFO incident in
1947 and other testimonies of alien abduction. I discussed the topic with my Father Imam Ahmed
Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace).


Figure 6: Grey Alien Depiction




   I said, “My Father, can you tell me about the Greys?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes son, you want their name?”
   I said, “Yes, and what planet they come from.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Foraa is the name of the planet. They are called Rafdek.”
   I said, “God is Great! Are they good or evil?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Their nature resembles humans a lot.”
   I said, “Towards which star in the night sky is the direction of their planet?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “It is not calculated as such; they are thousands of light years
away from us.”
   I said, “So in which way is it calculated?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “If the sun were at its place at noon in Egypt, you would
stand placing the sun behind your back, that is their direction.”


                                    The Origin of Life on Earth


Humanity has pondered over the origin of life, and has searched for answers in religion and science.
Both elds have tried to explain the origin of life. From theories such as the Big Bang to Evolution,



                                                    309
                                        The Goal of the Wise


for many, science has provided a satisfactory explanation that replaces theistic arguments. Over the
last century, the theory of evolution, which began with Charles Darwin, has become a mainstream
belief. In our times, avowed atheists propagate it and anti-theist scientists like Richard Dawkins
have popularized the idea through books like The God Delusion. For the most part, the propagation
has been e ective.
   Charles Darwin traveled around the world where he would catalog the local plants and animals.
On one of his trips to the Galapagos Islands, he noticed non-identical species of nches with each
species having a slightly di erent beak. Years later, he would come up with the idea that these
species all must have a common ancestor. These di erences must be due to adaptation to new
circumstances over time. As a result, they evolved slightly according to their environment. Thus,
similarities in species and adaptation became the basis for the theory of evolution.
   Darwin concluded through analogy, that living beings that looked similar must have a common
origin that adapted to new conditions. Over a long period, the di erences and changes would
become so many that they give rise to a new species. Thus, the reason for the changes would be the
factor that would allow one species to survive and others to become extinct. He called this law the
survival of the ﬁttest. Therefore, according to Darwin, evolution was necessary to adapt and survive.
Through natural selection, the strongest in nature survived and they had similar features. Finally,
their shared features pointed to a common ancestor and origin.
   One day someone asked Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “Is the theory of
evolution correct?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The theory of evolution is one of the dumbest theories out
there. Iblis is the one who taught Darwin the theory of evolution.”
   Someone said, “Can you help me with a small piece of information about the origin of life? There
are a lot of similarities between humans and other species.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “For example, who does the human resemble?”
   The person said, “Humans and apes for example, and there are other organs or parts in our bodies
that resemble other species.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “There is a resemblance as well between some aquatic species
and some mammals, and there are also plants that resemble mammals. And there are also stones that
were formed to look like human faces and animals and plants by natural events such as wind and
rain. So, are these stones now biologically related to humans? Of course not. The answer is no, there is
no relationship between apes and humans.”
   The person said, “So what about the origin of life?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “It was with Adam (PBUH). He is the ﬁrst human
creation.”
   We have included here some images of inanimate beings that resemble human or animal
anatomy. If the theory of evolution claims that resemblance between species means there is a
biological relationship, then these plants and stones should be biologically related to us as well. In


                                                  310
                                 Alien Life & Extraterrestrials


this argument, the Imam (From Him is Peace) is saying that similarity is not a su cient condition
to prove the basic tenets of the theory of evolution. Furthermore, this theory does not even
consider an extraterrestrial source for life on Earth. Thus, the Imam (From Him is Peace) is
categorically rejecting any truth in the theory of evolution.


Figure 7: Inanimate Human Resemblances in Nature




                                                  311
The Goal of the Wise




        312
Alien Life & Extraterrestrials




             313
The Goal of the Wise




        314
Alien Life & Extraterrestrials




             315
                                          The Goal of the Wise




                         Degrees of Intelligent Life on Earth and Beyond


Evidence of intelligence permeates the cosmos. In the following dialogue, the Imam (From Him is
Peace) explains the origin of intelligent life throughout the cosmos, as well as how and who created
life on Earth.
   I asked Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “Were there ever intelligent species on
Earth before us?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Before human beings there were 998 diﬀerent species of
intelligent life that occupied the Earth, we are creation number 999 on this planet.”
   I said, “Did they all originate from Earth?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “There were creatures that lived before us that came to
Earth from another planet. These creatures brought to Earth the materials necessary for the creation of
life on this planet.”
   I said, “Glory be to God.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “In the time of Adam (PBUH), there were other
(intelligent) creatures around, but they had begun to become extinct.”
   I said, “Is there life on other planets in our solar system?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, there is.”
   I said, “Which ones?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Don’t be deceived, my son, by the words of NASA and other
than them when they say they know the limits of the Milky Way.”
   I said, “Is there life on all planets in our solar system, Mars and Venus, etc.?”




                                                     316
                                    Alien Life & Extraterrestrials


   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “No son, not like that. Any spot in the universe where there is
water, there is life. Let this be a law that you remember.”
   I said, “Even if it were ice?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Even if it were ice.”
   I said, “Will it be intelligent life or perhaps simplistic creatures such as microbes?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Any type of life, no matter how big its size or how small,
intelligent or not.”
   I said, “Which of the planets in our solar system has intelligent life, if there exists other than us?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Do you mean amongst the known planets?”
   I said, “Yes. The nine.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Look at whichever of them has water and you shall ﬁnd it
having life.”
   I said, “I mean intelligent life.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “There is none.”
   I said, “I had asked you, my beloved Father, previously about Saturn, you know that they worshiped
this planet from a long time ago.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes.”
   I said, “And you also know there is a hexagon on Saturn as well and it is a symbol of the Kaaba.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes.”
   I said, “And Saturn was considered to be the God of Time.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, Saturn was abandoned by its population millions of
years ago. It used to have on it a great nation that never disobeyed the Caliph of God once. Not even by
the blink of an eye. And they obtained great knowledge. Then they were invaded by another planet
that had on it enemies of God.”
   I said, “Glory be to God.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “But it was not a military invasion, it was an intellectual
invasion, and they corrupted it. Noah (PBUH) was the appointed King of God there. Many of the
people there were thus destroyed, and Noah (PBUH) took the rest of them to another planet to live on it
forever.”
   I said, “Was it Earth?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “No, it was a paradise from the paradises of God called
Saboh.”
   I said, “And then how did the worship of Saturn come to be here?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “I told you, they reached a great degree of knowledge, and
the people of Saturn were trying to spread the religion of God on Earth and give victory to the Caliphs
of God that were on Earth, by the command of God. The people on Earth at the time saw wonders at
the hands of those from Saturn. So, they thought they were Gods and worshiped them.”



                                                    317
                                        The Goal of the Wise


   I said, “But didn’t they leave the planet millions of years ago? Were there humans here on Earth
millions of years ago?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “There were other creatures that were not human.”
   I said, “Those ones that resemble apes? The Nisnas?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Their name is Haytan.”
   I said, “Are these the ones that we ﬁnd their bones today and the scientists claim that we evolved
from them?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Some of them, not all of them.”
   I said, “So those creatures were present in the time of Adam (PBUH) and communicated with
humans and taught the humans the worship of Saturn?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, there was a lot of archaeological evidence present on the
Earth that went back to them, that all pointed to the worship of Saturn.”
   I said, “It is said that all the rituals such as wearing rings on ﬁngers, and placing halos around the
heads of angels in paintings, etc. all go back to Saturn worship?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes.”
   I said, “And the black cube is a symbol of Saturn?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes.”
   I said, “So the Kaaba originally was built to worship Saturn?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The Kaaba which the people know is not the real Kaaba.”


Figure 8: Saturn’s Hexagon




                                                   318
                                  Alien Life & Extraterrestrials


                                             The Haytan


According to science, modern humans (Homo sapiens) evolved from an earlier form known as
Homo habilis or Homo erectus. Scientists discovered their fossils in Africa and identi ed similar
features to modern humans like their body proportion, size, and hands. They believe that these
features are the result of adaptation from living in trees to living on the ground. However, these
assumptions are false. Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) debunks this myth by
revealing the reality of the Haytan. The Haytan are a human ape-like species that lived on the
planet and still do to this very day.
   I said, “The creature that the natives call Bigfoot or Yeti, that resembles the Haytan…”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Those are the descendants of the Haytan.”
   I said, “Glory be to God.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “I told you before, there are still many of them still alive
today.”


Figure 9: Haytan




                                                  319
The Goal of the Wise




        320
                Door Number Twenty-Six


                     Maskh and

the Wonders of the Animal Kingdom




“So, when they were insolent about that which they had been
     forbidden, We said to them, ‘Be apes, despised.’”
                                               The Goal of the Wise


                          askh is a concept which is known in Islam and is mentioned in the Holy
                          Qur’an and in the narrations of Prophet Mohammed and His Family (From
                          Them is Peace). Maskh is the transformation of a human being from human
                          to animal. In the Holy Qur’an it states, “So when they were insolent about that
which they had been forbidden, We said to them, ‘Be apes, despised.’ ”1 The majority of Muslims
consider this to be an instant literal transformation which occurs, whereby the human being
shapeshifts into an animal due to a curse from God. However, some Shiite groups believe it to be
the transmigration of the soul of the human being from a human body to an animal body after
death. In short, reincarnation as an animal. Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said that
Maskh takes place after death.
      One day I asked Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “Are all animals Maskh?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “No son.”


                                       All Animals Sacri ced are Maskh


One day our sister Ailia Hallal came to me with a question that she said her father always had. He
was a representative of Sistani in Pakistan. She asked me to raise the question to Imam Ahmed
Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) hoping that perhaps her father becomes a believer.
      I said to the Imam (From Him is Peace), “There is a Shiite doctor who is a representative of
Sistani in Pakistan. He is saying that he has a question which he has wondered about for a very long
time, and no one has been able to answer it adequately. The question is, why does God need us to
slaughter and sacriﬁce animals to Him?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “I shall answer this question, the reason is because these
animals were in the past human beings. And they were disbelievers in God and God turned them into
Maskh, turning them into animals such as sheep and cows and calves and other than that. And
slaughtering them as sacriﬁces to God is vengeance against them in the name of the Great Avenger,
and on the other hand, it is a great mercy to them. The slaughtering washes away its sins in the name
of God, the Most Beneﬁcent, the Most Merciful, and the believer comes closer to God by this act. And
you ﬁnd many times the animal is in a state of submission during the slaughtering process, especially
the sheep, when you place the knife on its throat it submits because it knows that the time has come for
judgment, and all praises are due to God, Lord of the Worlds.”
      I said, “How do we know the animal which is a Maskh from an animal which is not?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Through the way the animal has intercourse. Any animal
which you see having intercourse in ways that are similar to humans is a Maskh.”
      I asked Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “Does the Maskh remember its previous
incarnations and lives as a human?”


1
    The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 7 (Al-Araf), Verse 166


                                                       322
                         Maskh and the Wonders of the Animal Kingdom


   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “When the human incarnates as a Maskh, let’s say a sheep
or a cat, when the human incarnates as an animal, nothing is erased from its memory, it remembers
so that it is a punishment upon it. If they didn’t remember, then it wouldn’t be a punishment. This is
the punishment. Is there a tougher punishment than this? It is extremely painful (to live as an animal,
knowing and remembering your life as a human).”


                                      Can a Believer Go Into Maskh?


One day in the beginning of this Call, I received some guests to my house in Egypt. They had
traveled to Egypt from Iraq to visit me, and they were some of the rst believers in the Call. The
Imam (From Him is Peace) had told me that they were the reincarnations of Adam (PBUH),
Hamza (PBUH), Ja’far (PBUH) and Ammar (PBUH). I was very excited to meet them and host
them in our humble building. I wanted to honor them properly, but I was nervous about their
arrival, for at the time I did not have much money. I did however manage to save enough money
before they arrived to purchase a calf, and when they arrived I took them to the butcher’s shop and
had Hamza (PBUH) honor me by sacri cing the calf. He was, after all, my brother in the time of
Abdul-Muttalib (PBUH).
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said to me, “Do you know who that was?”
   I said, “The calf?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes.”
   I said, “No, please tell me, may I be your ransom.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “He is Wahshi, the slave of Hind who killed Hamza son of
Abdul-Muttalib. This was his last incarnation as an animal and in the next he shall return as a
human.”
   I said, “He has been incarnating as an animal since the time of the Prophet (PBUH & His
Family)?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, he had a thousand incarnations in which he was
slaughtered over what he did to Hamza.”
   I said, “Didn’t he accept Islam?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Even though he accepted Islam, he had to pay in this life for
killing Hamza and hurting the Prophet (PBUH & His Family). Accepting Islam saved him from
hellﬁre, but didn’t save him from Karma.”
   I said, “Is consuming Maskh a good thing, my Father?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Always try to stay away from red meats for it is not good.”
   I said, “So it is best to never eat it?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “My son, vegetables are the best.”
   I said to the Imam (From Him is Peace), “My Father, do all the animals that are upon the earth
have a beneﬁt (besides the pig)?”


                                                   323
                                           The Goal of the Wise


   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Absolutely, my son.”
   I said, “So from its teeth to its skin to anything on it?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, for each is a beneﬁt.”
   I said, “So for example, what about the tiger which I have, its skin or its teeth or its head, or the
monkeys?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “These are mummiﬁed so they don’t work.”


                                               Chameleons


   I said, “Well, what about this chameleon that I have, it is alive.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “This works for sickle cell anemia.”
   I said, “How does it work?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The patient lies down naked and you let the chameleon
walk upon its body. They will be cured.”


                                                   Tigers


   I said, “Glory be to God. What about the tiger if it was not mummiﬁed?”
   Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said, “If the patient with epilepsy eats its liver and
heart, they shall be cured. This is for patients with epilepsy that was a result of trauma or a
psychological condition. It will lessen the frequency of the seizures.”


                                            Birds of Paradise


   I asked Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “What about the person born with
epilepsy?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “There is a cure for that so long as the patient is not
mentally challenged or handicapped.”
   I said, “What is the cure, my Father?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The birds of paradise.”
   I said, “I know these dancing birds.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “You place the anus of the bird over the vagina if the patient
is a female, and if it is a male, then the anus of the bird is put over the anus of the male patient.”
   I said, “And it is just placed like that for a minute or what?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “It is placed between three and ﬁve minutes and the
procedure is repeated daily until they are cured. The amount of time required for the patient to be
cured diﬀers from case to case and it depends also on the severity of the case.”



                                                     324
                        Maskh and the Wonders of the Animal Kingdom


                                                     Fish


   I said, “My Father, one of the brothers is asking for a cure for low sexual drive in males?”
   He (From Him is Peace) said to me, “My son, get a male ﬁsh but make sure it is a male ﬁsh and
not a female. Cook it with nothing else but salt, do not add anything else to the ﬁsh and feed it to the
person suﬀering from the problem.”
   On another occasion, a believer caught some small sh from the lake, and when Imam Ahmed
Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) saw that he said, “If the ﬁsh that you caught is so small that it cannot
be used as food, you must return it to the lake.”


                                                  Serpents


   I said to the Imam (From Him is Peace) one day, “Some of the people here are asking me about a
cure for baldness.”
   Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said, “Natural baldness occurs when the hair
follicles die, as it is known. The oil or fat of the serpent is the cure, but this will not yield results with
everyone. The one who begins this treatment early on will have a greater chance of their hair
returning, but the ones who lost their hair many years ago, shall not beneﬁt from this treatment. If the
serpent is cooked in a certain way, there shall emerge from it fat or oil. It is this that is extremely
beneﬁcial for the hair. There is another method and that is to bring forth a serpent and cut open its
belly and then plant within it wheat and barley, then you wait until it grows. After it grows, you
grind it in a blender turning the wheat and barley into juice, and then you leave it to dry completely.
Afterwards, you rub the head with it several times, once every three days, and new hair shall grow, and
the follicles will come back to life. But before you rub the substance, make sure that you wash the head
very well so that the substance may pass through to the pores.”
   I asked him (From Him is Peace), “Does any serpent work?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes.”
   I said, “Shall it be killed ﬁrst or is the belly opened while it is alive?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The belly is opened, then it is killed, but do not cut oﬀ the
head. Leave the head, for it shall not die except if it is struck on the head, and you can open it from its
mouth all the way to its belly with a knife, then place wheat and barley and after a while, depending
on the weather you can water it and give it the right environment to grow.”
   And so, we did as the Imam (From Him is Peace) told us and after one week we showed the
Imam (From Him is Peace) the results and I said, “Some of it grew from inside the serpent and other
wheat and barley seeds fell outside of the belly into the mud and it grew outside of the serpent. The
seeds that grew from inside the serpent are a dark green while the ones that grew outside are light
green.”



                                                      325
                                          The Goal of the Wise


   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Leave it for another week and take the dark ones that grow
from inside of the serpent.”
   And after a week passed, the Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, now take it out from its place,
uplift it from its roots, it has now fed on the serpents good enough, and now its medicinal value is high.
You can now blend it in the blender or dry it, then make a powder out of it and mix it with some
serpent oil. You may also bring forth the serpent carcass and dry it, then grind it and put it with the
extract, but it will have a very putrid smell.”


Figure 1: Real Image of the Seeds after Sprouting




                                                    Bats


Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said concerning the bene ts of bats, “You may also
capture a bat and let him dry out in the sun, then grind him and place him with the serpent extract.
This will make the hair grow long and give it shine and make it beautiful. It gives extra special beauty
to the hair when used with henna, just mix the high-quality henna with the bat extract. The bats and
henna for women elongate the hair and make it beautiful.”


                                                    Bees


Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said, “The bees have some similarities or similar
abilities to the Prophets, for example, bees can foretell the future.”




                                                     326
                       Maskh and the Wonders of the Animal Kingdom


                                                    Dogs


   I asked Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “Are Huskies impure?”
   He (From Him is Peace) said, “It is a canine, so it is impure, but only its saliva is impure and not
the entire dog. Dogs have many great qualities, as for its impurity, the saliva of the dog is what is
impure. It is permissible to keep a dog for security purposes, as for hunting, they will do you no good, as
whatever it carries in its mouth will become impure. As for raising dogs for fun, that is not
permissible.”


                                                 Caged Birds


   Someone asked Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “I have caged birds in the house,
is this permissible? Are the bird droppings an impurity?”
   Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said, “I do not like that people keep birds caged, as
for the droppings of the bird, it is not impure and there is no harm in it.”


                                                    Pigs


Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said, “The pig is the only animal that has no beneﬁt
at all.”


                                                   Geckos


   Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said, “If you look at the gecko and pay attention to
how they stare at women you would be amazed. Notice how the gecko stares at a woman when she is in
the bathroom or whilst she is changing or naked. You shall see that it stares at her in a very strange
manner. That is because the gecko is sexually attracted to human beings.”
   I said, “Is it because they are (as a species) Maskh?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “No my son, that is just how they are created.”
   I said, “Should I kill them if I see them?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes do so, for they are extremely impure.”


                                             Two Monkeys


One day the heads of two mummi ed baboons fell into my hand. I had traveled with my brother
Alireza all over Germany until we stumbled into an old shop. It was there that we found these two
heads and I recognized them and so I took them, and I left with them. Later, I spoke to my Father
and told him what had happened.


                                                     327
                                       The Goal of the Wise


  I said to my Father (From Him is Peace), “My Father, is this Harmala and Omar ibn Saad, may
God curse them?”
  He (From Him is Peace) said, “Without a shadow of a doubt they are, may God curse them.”
  And so, I place their picture here for future generations to see.


Figure 2: Real Images of the two Baboon Heads




                                                 328
                           Maskh and the Wonders of the Animal Kingdom


                                           Every Disease Has a Cure
                                              By Dr. Irfan Alamgir2


In this fascinating Door, Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) gives humanity cures to a
number of medical ailments including two debilitating ones, namely Epilepsy and Sickle Cell
Disease. Unfortunately, despite recent advances, modern medicine still o ers no de nitive cure for
either.
      Take Epilepsy, for instance, a disease characterized by repeated seizures following an abnormal
burst of electrical activity in the brain. Epilepsy can result in unconsciousness, brain damage as well
as serious injuries. It also carries a signi cant social and psychological burden for both patients and
their loved ones. Treatment is mainly in the form of anti-epileptic drugs (AEDs), which are
unfortunately ine ective in about 1/3 of patients, with 20 percent of patients not responding to
any kind of treatment at all.
      In cases where AEDs reduce seizure frequency, they come with a slew of side e ects. Some of the
more common ones include (but are not limited to): nausea, diarrhea, blurred or double vision,
dizziness, headaches, drowsiness, weakness, co-ordination and balance problems, weight gain,
shaking, hair loss, irregular periods, swollen gums, rashes, dry mouth, etc. In terms of the more
serious side e ects, which are thankfully less common, AEDs can result in suicidal thoughts, liver
problems, as well as some life-threatening conditions such as acute pancreatitis, Stevens-Johnson
syndrome, bleeding disorders and anaphylaxis. I could go on and on, but the point is simply this: if
there are less harmful and more e ective ways to treat conditions like epilepsy, do we not
have a duty to at least investigate the alternatives? Hippocrates, referred to as the “Father of
Medicine” wrote in Of the Epidemics:


           The physician must be able to tell the antecedents, know the present, and foretell the
           future - must mediate these things, and have two special objectives in view with regard
           to disease, namely, to do good or to do no harm.


The treatments prescribed by Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) come from his perfect
knowledge of all sciences and are a proof of his divine authority. Some cures may seem bizarre and
even unsettling, but is this su cient reason to dismiss them out of hand? Each year pharmaceutical
companies spend billions and billions of dollars to bring new drugs to market. Most of these never
reach our medicine cabinets because they carry an unacceptable degree of risk. When they are
approved for public use, many of them require life-long adherence and careful monitoring for the
more acceptable side e ects. The cures of Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) are safe,
do not require life-long compliance or monitoring, and are invariably inexpensive. We, therefore,


2
    This section is a contribution by Dr. Irfan Alamgir, MBBS, BSc, MRCGP.


                                                        329
                                       The Goal of the Wise


encourage all those interested, to call for further research into the treatments of the Holy Imam
(From Him is Peace) and let the results speak for themselves.
   On the issue of animal-derived treatments, ancient healing traditions including Chinese and
Ayurvedic medicine have, and still use ingredients from a variety of di erent animals to treat a host
of medical problems. Modern western medicine too has bene tted appreciably from molecules
extracted from animals, with some of the most unlikely substances, like venoms and poisons,
providing some of the biggest breakthroughs. As far as animal welfare goes, we do not advocate the
hunting to extinction of endangered animals nor do we promote animal cruelty of any kind. We
believe that through the tool of modern science, it is possible to study and humanely extract active
substances from animals, in order to cure some of the most troublesome diseases a icting
humanity.
   Finally, let there be no doubt that God and His vicegerents have the cures for all diseases. All
major world religions are infused with examples of miraculous healings performed by the men of
God. As a medical doctor, it is my sincere wish to see humanity rid itself of the scourge of diseases
like cancer, heart disease, Alzheimer’s and the countless infections, of which COVID-19 is just the
latest installment. All we have to do is humble ourselves before God and seek the cures from His
generous repositories of knowledge, who are present in this time in the form of the Mahdis – divine
guides appointed by God for the salvation of mankind.

“And when I am ill, it is He who cures me.” (Qur’an 26:80)

“The news about Him spread throughout all Syria; and they brought to Him all who were ill, those
suﬀering with various diseases and pains, demon-possessed, epileptics, paralytics; and He healed
them.” (Matthew 4:24)




                                                330
         Door Number Twenty-Seven


      The Incomplete Words




“Jesus said: ‘The Prophets were laughingstocks.’”
                                           The Goal of the Wise


                      he doctrine of infallibility is the basis for religious teachings, from the Papal
                      infallibility in Catholicism to ismah1 of the Prophets and Imams in Islam. All
                      religions have some degree of infallibility reserved for Prophets and Messengers,
                      but they have di ered on the concept of their infallibility. Are they infallible or
not? Do they make mistakes or not? Can they commit sins or not? This topic in and of itself has
caused Muslims to rush to reject every verse of the Holy Bible and Torah which contains what they
deem to be a sin or mistake by a Prophet, until they have all but rejected the entire Holy Bible.
Scribes and scholars from all three Abrahamic religions have made up narrations and stories to
cover up the mistakes and sins of the Prophets and Messengers. But were the Prophets and
Messengers perfect? Were they infallible from birth to death? Did they commit mistakes? Why did
they commit mistakes? And what is the cause and source of this imperfection? If they do make
mistakes, then how can we trust them? Were there any Prophets or Messengers that didn’t make
mistakes? Did they sin? What types of sins did they commit?


                                                Infallibility


      One day I said to Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “If you see it beneﬁcial, I was
wanting to ask permission to write and record a lecture about infallibility and how it is not like the
people think it is and I want to mention the diﬀerences between inherent and earned infallibility. I
want to also mention that the Prophets had made mistakes before they were sent forth as Prophets and
even in their path as Prophets, they also made mistakes. Without understanding this concept, people
will think that the Prophet is infallible from birth until death and never makes mistakes, when it is
the opposite.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) replied, “That is the mistake, this false belief. This is a beneﬁcial
thing to do, may God grant you goodness.”
      For the sake of understanding this concept, it is necessary that we properly de ne infallibility. To
be infallible is to be unable to take a person out of guidance and into misguidance. I asked Imam
Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) about this matter. He explained to me that there are two
types of infallibility:


       1. Inherent Infallibility: Inherent infallibility is the nature of God. In terms of humans, to
            be inherently infallible means that the person who falls under this title is infallible from
            birth until death. This infallibility, however, for a creature does not carry on in all
            incarnations, or else they would be out of the test and would be God. The person with
            inherent infallibility does not commit any sins nor mistakes during their lifetime. Only
            fourteen individuals have fallen under this category, Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His


1
    Ismah in Arabic means infallibility.


                                                     332
                                            The Incomplete Words


           Family), Fatimah Al-Zahra and the twelve Imams (From Them is Peace). These fourteen
           individuals are the only human beings to have had inherent infallibility. History has not
           recorded a single mistake or sin committed by them.


       2. Earned Infallibility: All Prophets and Messengers and righteous ones besides the fourteen
           Infallibles fall under this category. Earned infallibility means that the individual was not
           born infallible nor is he infallible by nature but rather, through his sincerity and dedication
           towards God, he reached a degree of infallibility. The person who has earned infallibility is
           lesser than the person who is inherently infallible, because the person who was not infallible
           by nature must have committed some sins and/or mistakes sometime in their lifetime.


One day Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) gave me some advice for the believers:


           Send my greetings to all the believing men and women and tell them that their Father
           is saying to them, beneﬁt from the believers who went forth before you and gave victory
           to the Prophets and Preferred ones and Ahlul-Bayt (PBUT) and beneﬁt also from
           their mistakes, and God is the One who grants success.


The mistakes of the believers and the Prophets and Messengers were preserved in order that we may
learn from them.


                                  The Great Mistake Committed by Adam


In Judaism, Christianity and Islam, Adam (PBUH) was the rst Prophet appointed by God and
although he was infallible, he committed a great mistake because he was not inherently infallible.
This mistake was when God told Adam (PBUH) not to eat from the tree, he disobeyed a direct
order from God, and he ate from it anyway and he listened to Iblis’ inspiration: “Then Satan
whispered to him; he said, ‘O Adam, shall I direct you to the tree of eternity and possession that will not
deteriorate?’ ”2
      So here we have clearly a Prophet and Messenger, the rst Prophet and Messenger at that,
disobeying God Almighty who sent him, and obeying Satan, and taking commands from him.


                                        Mistakes Committed by Noah


Noah (PBUH) was a Prophet and Messenger sent by God. God promised him that all the righteous
would be saved and would inherit the Earth with him. This was God’s promise to Noah (PBUH)


2
    The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 20 (Taha), Verse 120


                                                     333
                                          The Goal of the Wise


and he believed in this promise and preached it for nine hundred and fty years. Even though Noah
was an Ulul-Azm Prophet (Prophets with the most determination), he second-guessed God’s
judgment and accused God of not ful lling His promise to him. Here is what the Holy Qur’an says:
“And Noah said, ‘My Lord, do not leave upon the earth from among the disbelievers an inhabitant.
Indeed, if You leave them, they will mislead Your servants and not beget except [every] wicked one and
[conﬁrmed] disbeliever.’ ”3 In Surah Hud: “And it was said, “O earth! Swallow up your water. And O
sky! Withhold ˹your rain˺.” The ﬂoodwater receded and the decree was carried out. The Ark rested on
Mount Judi, and it was said, “Away with the wrongdoing people!” And Noah called out to his Lord,
saying, “My Lord! Certainly my son is ˹also˺ of my family, Your promise is surely true, and You are
the most just of all judges!” Allah replied, “O Noah! He is certainly not of your family—he was an
unrighteous deed. So do not ask Me about what you have no knowledge of! I warn you so you do not
fall into ignorance.”4
    Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said, “And Noah made a mistake when God asked
him to call forth his family to enter the Ark and his son didn’t enter, he thought [at the time] that his
son was from his family, so he questioned God about that because he thought that God had promised to
save his family, but his son was destroyed instead.”
    So, Noah (PBUH) questioned God’s promise to him, and questioning God is a form of
incomplete faith. We also know that Noah (PBUH) was not patient enough with his people and
asked for God to bring down the ood. This was something we discussed in Door Two, and it is
something which God reprimanded him for, while Iblis was happy about it. The implication here is
that Iblis had inspired Noah (PBUH) to call down the punishment while it was God’s will that he
waits and be patient, as God wanted to allow the people more time to repent. That is seemingly
why Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) makes it a point to say in his sermon:


        And I seek refuge from the ‘I’, I shall not call on my Lord to hasten the punishment
        and bring it down upon you even though I see it already shadowing you, and I shall be
        patient even if my Lord wills for a thousand years until God fulﬁlls a matter which
        He had already ordained and I shall not complain about you to God.5


Thus, God rebuked Noah (PBUH) and told him not to be like the ignorant ones.




3
  The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 71 (Nuh), Verses 26-27
4
  The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 11 (Hud), Verses 44-46
5
  From the Sermon “To the Students of the Hawza in Najaf Al-Ashraf and Qom and Everywhere in the World” by
  Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace).


                                                     334
                                            The Incomplete Words


                                        Mistakes Committed by Moses


Moses (PBUH) too sought forgiveness from God. He clearly admits in the Holy Qur’an that he
committed a huge mistake by murdering the Egyptian: “And he entered the city at a time of
unawareness of its people, and he found there two men ﬁghting, - one of his party (his religion - from
the Children of Israel), and the other of his foes. The man of his (own) party asked him for help against
his foe, so Moosa (Moses) struck him with his ﬁst and killed him. He said: ‘This is the work of Satan,
verily, he is a plain misleading enemy.’ He said: ‘My Lord! Verily, I have wronged myself, so forgive
me.’ Then He forgave him. Verily, He is the Oft-Forgiving, the Most Merciful.”6
      Moses also in the Holy Qur’an commits another grave mistake and repents clearly afterwards:
“And when Moses arrived at Our appointed time and his Lord spoke to him, he said, ‘My Lord, show
me [Yourself] that I may look at You.’ [Allah] said, ‘You will not see Me, but look at the mountain; if
it should remain in place, then you will see Me.’ But when his Lord appeared to the mountain, He
rendered it level, and Moses fell unconscious. And when he awoke, he said, ‘Exalted are You! I have
repented to You, and I am the ﬁrst of the believers.’ ”7
      I said to Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “My Father, some of the Prophets
incarnated many times as a Prophet or Messenger, did Moses come as anyone else?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “From the Prophets, Moses (PBUH) only incarnated as
Moses (PBUH).”
      I said, “He only incarnated as Moses? That is surprising because Abel came as Aaron and Joseph
came as Jeremiah and Elijah came as John the Baptist and other Prophets as other Prophets, and
Moses is a great Prophet!”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “It is the command of God.”
      I said, “Glory be to God, what is the reason behind it my Father?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Because Moses (PBUH) made many mistakes, and he was
too curious.”
      I said, “But he was better than Joseph and Aaron.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, he was better in that time but before that incarnation
as Moses (PBUH) he was not better. He made a particular mistake and because of that he did not
incarnate again as a Prophet or vicegerent of a Prophet.”
      I said, “Glory be to God! Please Father, if I was ever curious or asking too many questions or doing
something that would destroy me, be harsh with me and stop me.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “I knew you would say that, and I was waiting for you to say
that. The curiosity of Moses had to do with the essence of God, how and why and why is it so and why
was it not like that, and you know the rest, until he transgressed against God and asked to see Him
openly.”
6
    The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 28 (Al-Qasas), Verses 15-16
7
    The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 7 (Al-Araf), Verse 143


                                                           335
                                            The Goal of the Wise


                                     Mistakes Committed by Joseph


Joseph (PBUH) thought about a married woman, Zulaykha and she thought about him, and this
was a mistake that even Joseph (PBUH) admitted to. This sin, which was akin to adultery, was
recorded in the Holy Qur’an: “And she certainly determined [to seduce] him, and he would have
inclined to her had he not seen the proof of his Lord. And thus [it was] that We should avert from him
evil and immorality. Indeed, he was of Our chosen servants.”8 He also said: “And I do not acquit
myself. Indeed, the self is a persistent enjoiner of evil, except those upon which my Lord has mercy.
Indeed, my Lord is Forgiving and Merciful.”9
    Thinking about a married woman was not really the only sin that Joseph (PBUH) had
committed. The crime he committed was more serious, but the Holy Qur’an hid it, only to be
revealed in this day and age by Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace). One day I was
speaking to him, and I asked about this matter:
    I said, “My Father, what was Joseph’s mistake?”
    The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “What he did with Zulaykha.”
    I said, “What did he do with Zulaykha?”
    The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “He did everything with her except sleep with her.”
    I asked, “But my Father, why were they counted as mistakes, the adultery of Joseph or the murder of
Moses, when in actuality they were not sins, as we know that the divinely appointed King is above the
jurisprudence and the law.”
    The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, but they did not know that at the time, they found that
out later.”
    I said, “As for Moses (PBUH) we know that the action of killing the Egyptian was ok because he was
a son of Cain and the seed of the devil, but what about Joseph and David, how is it permissible that
they have relations with a married woman? Is it simply because they are above the law?”
    The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Also ˹allowed for you is˺ a believing woman who oﬀers
herself to the Prophet, if he is interested in marrying her—˹this is˺ exclusively for you, not for the rest of
the believers.”10
    I said, “I understand, the verse does not specify if the woman who wishes to give herself is married or
not married. In the Holy Qur’ an it also states: ‘The Prophet has more of a right over the believers than
their own selves,’ 11 and in the narrations it states the Imam ‘inherits the Earth and what is on it.’ ”
    The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Exactly.”
    Joseph (PBUH) also made another mistake. He asked for help from the creation instead of the
Creator. “And he said to the one whom he knew would go free, ‘Mention me before your master.’ But

8
  The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 12 (Yusuf), Verse 24
9
  The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 12 (Yusuf), Verse 53
10
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 33 (Al-Ahzab), Verse 50
11
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 33 (Al-Ahzab), Verse 6


                                                      336
                                          The Incomplete Words


Satan made him forget the mention [to] his master, and Joseph remained in prison for several
years.”12 Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said God had originally ordained three years
of prison for Joseph (PBUH) but because of this mistake He added four more years.


                                      Mistakes Committed by Joshua


Joshua (PBUH) made a mistake caused by the devil when he forgot where he left the sh. In the
Holy Qur’an it says: “He [Joshua son of Nun] said, “Remember when we rested by the rock? I forgot
the ﬁsh there. And it was Satan who made me forget to pay attention to it. And amazingly, it found
its way into the sea.”13


                                      Mistakes Committed by Jonah


Jonah (PBUH) and the mistakes that he made were mentioned in the Holy Qur’an and Torah. He
tried to abandon his mission altogether and escape from God when God didn’t bring down the
punishment on Nineveh as He had promised. He also became angry with God: “And ˹remember˺
when the Man of the Whale stormed oﬀ ˹from his city˺ in a rage, thinking We would not restrain
him. Then in the ˹veils of˺ darkness he cried out, ‘There is no god ˹worthy of worship˺ except You. Glory
be to You! I have certainly done wrong.’ ”14
     In another verse it also says: “And verily, Jonah was one of the Messengers. When he ran to the
laden ship, he agreed to cast lots and he was among the losers, then a big ﬁsh swallowed him and he
had done an act worthy of blame. Had he not been of them who glorify God, he would have indeed
remained inside its belly (the ﬁsh) until the Day of Resurrection. But We cast him forth on the naked
shore while he was sick and We caused a plant of gourd to grow over him. And We sent him to a
hundred thousand people or even more, and they believed, so We gave them enjoyment for a while.”15


                                       Mistakes A ect Incarnations


     Ali Al-Ghorai asked Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “Am I Elijah that is
mentioned in the Torah because the name Elias and the story of Elias in some of the narrations of the
Muslims is the same as the story of Elijah?”
     The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Elias (PBUH) is a diﬀerent person than Elijah (PBUH).
History did not properly document Elias and the people became confused and thought that Elias is


12
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 12 (Yusuf), Verse 42
13
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 18 (Al-Kahf), Verse 63
14
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 21 (Al-Anbya), Verse 87
15
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 37 (Al-Sa at), Verses 139-148



                                                        337
                                         The Goal of the Wise


Elijah (PBUT). And the same is true about many other Prophets (PBUT) whom history did not
mention such as Amid (PBUH), and some of them were mentioned but very brieﬂy and with the
passing of time and wars and invasions, all the books which mentioned them were destroyed.”
   Al-Ghorai asked, “Did the name Elias have anything to do with the Family of Yassin as some
scholars mention?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Elias (PBUH) was just like Sayyed Ali (Ali Al-Ghoraiﬁ
himself) in terms of his manners and logic and physical appearance. He was a pure-hearted, kind and
helpful man. But before he was a Prophet or assigned a message, he was a man who used to chase after
women and his desires. Elias (PBUH) used to make many mistakes, and he was always fast to judge
matters. If someone wants to know Elias (PBUH) let them look at my son Ali (PBUH).”
   Al-Ghorai said, “Glory be to God. To whom was he sent my Master and who were his people?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Elias (PBUH) was one of the Prophets of the Children of
Israel.”
   Al-Ghorai said, “To what area was he sent and where did he live, my Master?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Elias (PBUH) was sent to Palestine, to Jerusalem.”
   Al-Ghorai said, “Did I have other incarnations after the time of Elias and before this one, did I
have an incarnation with the Ahlul-Bayt (PBUT)?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “You had an incarnation with Al-Hussein (PBUH) and you
had an honorable role.”
   Al-Ghorai said, “Who was I, Master?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Wahab the Christian.”
   Al-Ghorai said, “So I was killed with Al-Hussein (PBUH)?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Wahab is better than Elias, because he gave victory to the
truth in the time of Al-Hussein (PBUH). In a time where few were the ones who gave victory.”
   Al-Ghorai said, “My Master, did I have any other incarnation after the incarnation of Wahab
the Christian and was it an incarnation with the Ahlul-Bayt (PBUT)?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “In the incarnation before the last you were a man who was
rich, but he had a disability, you were a human being in the test. And you were very generous, and you
did not have any children and you gave all of your money away to the orphans before you died.”
   Al-Ghorai said, “How, my Master? Was this in one of the times of the Imams (PBUT)?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “No, this was approximately 500 years ago.”
   Al-Ghorai said, “Was this generous man better than Wahab the Christian?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Not at all.”
   Al-Ghorai said, “Does this mean that I lost my luck in the previous incarnation and I did not
raise in rank enough to be at the same rank as Wahab or better than him?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “No son, things are not calculated like that. The previous
incarnation was like a great test for you in order that you reach this place that you are at today.”
   Al-Ghorai said, “My Master, allow me to ask, did I pass in that test?”


                                                   338
                                            The Incomplete Words


      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes my son, you passed and if you had not passed then I
would not be speaking to you right now and you would not have even heard about this blessed religion.
Today Elias (PBUH) is a leader.”
      Al-Ghorai said, “So in every incarnation we work hard to a certain degree and based on that
degree we have a role in serving the Family of Mohammed (PBUT) and if we work harder then we
have a greater role in serving the Ahlul-Bayt (PBUT). I mean if Elias did not have so many mistakes
perhaps his role would have been greater, because as I understood, if we compare Elias (PBUH) to Jesus
(PBUH) or to a better Prophet than him, we would have found that Elias blew his fortune.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, great job my son.”
      Al-Ghorai      said, “For that reason my Master, I wish to reach higher ranks of serving the
Ahlul-Bayt, but the path is long, the sustenance is low, and the condition is not one to be envied. But I
wish to move fast on the path because time is running out.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Great job my son, I wish you goodness and success, my son,
in serving the religion of God, the religion of submission. By your certitude and submission the Ark
shall move. My son, you have wasted much of your time, but God-willing you shall make up for it if
you move forward with all your strength, heart, and sincerity.”
      In this conversation we learn many important points. We learn that the Prophets and
Messengers did make mistakes and commit sins in their lifetimes before and after they were
Prophets. They were not infallible from birth to death, rather they earned infallibility after
becoming Prophets. Therefore, they were not inherently infallible. We also learn that the lesser the
number of mistakes a Prophet commits during his life, the greater he is, and the more mistakes, the
lesser he is, and this all plays a role in his future incarnations. People who did not pass certain
incarnations would not have heard of this religion or believed in it.
      Enoch (PBUH) prayed against his nation that God starve them. David (PBUH) set up one of his
soldiers to be killed because he desired his wife, Bathsheba.16 Samson (PBUH) was seduced by
Delilah. Lot (PBUH) was hesitant about leaving Sodom and Gomorrah. Jacob (PBUH) refused to
host the poor man. The mistakes of the Prophets and Messengers are too many to list. We have
listed some, and the rest we leave to the reader to nd. The holy scriptures and traditions are lled
with these incidents as reminders of the human side of the Prophets and Messengers. These
incidents make us all wonder why God chose such imperfect people as Messengers? Was it because
God is imperfect that He sent imperfect Messengers or is it because humanity is inherently
imperfect? Is humanity’s condition such that sending a perfect Messenger would be impossible?




16
     The Holy Bible, Book of 2 Samuel, Chapters 11-12


                                                        339
                                                The Goal of the Wise


                                             Jacob Wrestles With God?


Why would Adam (PBUH) disobey God when Iblis inspired him? Was it because Adam (PBUH)
doubted God? Was it because he couldn’t di erentiate between what was an inspiration from God
and what was from the devil? Or was it that Iblis succeeded in deceiving the Prophets by presenting
himself as an angel of the light or as God Himself? Did Iblis play an active role in sending forth the
Prophets and Messengers? In the book of Genesis, we nd a very odd encounter between Jacob
(PBUH) and a stranger whom he mistakes for God:


         That night Jacob got up and took his two wives, his two female servants and his eleven
         sons and crossed the ford of the Jabbok. After he had sent them across the stream, he
         sent over all his possessions. So Jacob was left alone, and a man wrestled with him till
         daybreak. When the man saw that he could not overpower him, he touched the socket
         of Jacob’s hip so that his hip was wrenched as he wrestled with the man. Then the man
         said, “Let me go, for it is daybreak.” But Jacob replied, “I will not let you go unless you
         bless me.” The man asked him, “What is your name?” “Jacob,” he answered. Then the
         man said, “Your name will no longer be Jacob, but Israel, because you have struggled
         with God and with humans and have overcome.” Jacob said, “Please tell me your
         name.” But he replied, “Why do you ask my name?” Then he blessed him there. So
         Jacob called the place Peniel, saying, “It is because I saw God face to face, and yet my
         life was spared.” The sun rose above him as he passed Peniel, and he was limping
         because of his hip. Therefore to this day the Israelites do not eat the tendon attached to
         the socket of the hip, because the socket of Jacob’s hip was touched near the tendon.17


Was this wrestler indeed God? Why would Jacob (PBUH) be wrestling with him if he was God?
Why was Jacob (PBUH) asking for the man’s name and asking for a blessing? One of the meanings
of the name Israel in Hebrew is “He who wrestled with God.”18 In Arabic, it means “Slave of
God.”19 The individual who wrestled with Jacob (PBUH) was clearly not God but the fallen angel,
Iblis. It seems Jacob (PBUH) struggled to di erentiate between the two, between God and Iblis.
The name given to Jacob (PBUH), Israel, was one with a double meaning. For Jacob (PBUH)
indeed wrestled with Iblis and was a servant of God. As we can see, the Prophets and Messengers
were incomplete and unable to perfectly distinguish between God and Iblis at times. Therefore,
they were inspired and sent forth by both. Once God would send forth a Prophet, Iblis would


17
   The Holy Bible, Book of Genesis, Chapter 32, Verses 22-32
18
   Jacob was given the name Israel ‫ יִשְׂ ָראֵ ל‬after wrestling with an angel (Book of Genesis 32:28; 35:10). It can also mean
   one who is triumphant with God.
19
   The word “Israel” ‫ إﺳﺮاﺋﯿﻞ‬in Arabic means “Servant of God” as it is a compound of ‘aseer’ which means a captive or
    slave which means Abd-Allah.


                                                             340
                                       The Incomplete Words


always try to deceive the Prophet by posing as God and inspiring him to do things that would bring
him trouble later on or divert him from God’s path and original message.


                                       Old Testament Prophets


   I said to Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “Did Iblis send forth the Prophets of
old?” Then I went silent.
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) started to laugh and said, “My son, I know that, but those words
are incomplete words. You made me laugh, son.”
   I said, “Why, my Father?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Because you went silent, and I’m still laughing.” I began to
laugh at his laughing, but I didn’t understand why he was laughing.
   I said, “Please Father, by the truth of your laugh, tell me, did Iblis send forth all the Prophets before
Jesus Christ (PBUH)? And now God made them all return by your grace or how did this happen?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “May the universe be ransomed for you. Yes, by your truth
that’s what happened.”
   I said, “Glory be to God… Glory be to God…Glory be to God…they got a second chance because they
all really thought that Iblis was God?!”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) started laughing again and said, “God bless you for making me
laugh, until now I am laughing, look Aba Ja’far (PBUH) is sitting in front of me laughing and he
doesn’t know over what I am laughing.”
   I said, “So my Father, do you mean that the incomplete words were the Prophets?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes.”
   I said, “And in that time their souls were not strong and were mixed with darkness?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes.”
   I said, “So they were taking orders from both God and Iblis at the same time?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, I shall give you an example. The soul of Joseph, when
was it better, today or a few thousand years ago?”
   I said, “As far as I learned from you, everyone today must be better than they were before.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Great job, and that is because today you are a Qaim
(Riser), O Qaim/Riser of the Family of Mohammed (PBUH & His Family).”
   I said, “So in those days I was obeying the orders of Iblis in some matters?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Precisely.”
   I said, “So the whole story of Jacob wrestling with an angel, and it says he wrestled with God, that
was Iblis, correct?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, that is correct, and look what has happened to him
today. Look and realize the magnitude of the situation. If you reﬂect carefully on the matter, you will
realize how dangerous the matter is, extremely dangerous.”


                                                     341
                                        The Goal of the Wise


   I said, “My Father, before Jesus the Messiah (PBUH), were the books and jurisprudences a mixture
of revelation from God with revelation from Iblis?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Exactly son, for the Prophets were not able to spread the full
and complete religion to the people. It was diﬃcult, rather sometimes it was impossible. If you see, even
in this time, while we are supposed to have the best Ansar (supporters) on the face of the earth, we still
avoid speaking about and cover up a lot of the truth in fear over the people (lest they disbelieve). We
cannot speak it, so what about in those times?”
   I said, “True, would Iblis inspire the Prophets with verses to include in their holy scriptures and they
would be confused about it (thinking it is from God)?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, he would and the evidence for that is the mistakes that
they committed, and the problems that some of them faced in their calls.”
   I said, “But after you, will this same problem ever occur again?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “No, it shall never occur again. Be at ease, O light of my
eyes.”
   I re ected over the Imam’s laughter, and it reminded me of the Gnostic text Second Treatise of
the Great Seth from the Nag Hammadi library in which Jesus (PBUH) was recorded to have said:


         For Adam was a laughingstock, since he was made a counterfeit type of man by the
         Hebdomad, as if he had become stronger than I and my brothers. We are innocent
         with respect to him, since we have not sinned. And Abraham and Isaac and Jacob were
         a laughingstock, since they, the counterfeit fathers, were given a name by the
         Hebdomad, as if he had become stronger than I and my brothers. We are innocent
         with respect to him, since we have not sinned. David was a laughingstock in that his
         son was named the Son of Man, having been inﬂuenced by the Hebdomad, as if he
         had become stronger than I and the fellow members of my race. But we are innocent
         with respect to him; we have not sinned. Solomon was a laughingstock, since he thought
         that he was Christ, having become vain through the Hebdomad, as if he had become
         stronger than I and my brothers. But we are innocent with respect to him. I have not
         sinned. The 12 Prophets were laughingstocks, since they have come forth as imitations
         of the true Prophets. They came into being as counterfeits through the Hebdomad, as if
         he had become stronger than I and my brothers. But we are innocent with respect to
         him, since we have not sinned. Moses, a faithful servant, was a laughingstock, having
         been named “the Friend,” since they perversely bore witness concerning him who never
         knew me. Neither he nor those before him, from Adam to Moses and John the Baptist,
         none of them knew me nor my brothers. For they had a doctrine of angels to observe
         dietary laws and bitter slavery, since they never knew truth, nor will they know it. For
         there is a great deception upon their soul, making it impossible for them ever to ﬁnd a
         Nous of freedom in order to know him, until they come to know the Son of Man. Now


                                                   342
                                          The Incomplete Words


         concerning my Father, I am he whom the world did not know, and because of this, it
         (the world) rose up against me and my brothers. But we are innocent with respect to
         him; we have not sinned.20


It was here that I realized that all the Prophets and Messengers who came before Jesus Christ were
incomplete. They were like their father Adam (PBUH). Adam (PBUH) was appointed by God and
received divine inspiration from God, hence: “O Adam, dwell, you and your wife, in Paradise and
eat from wherever you will but do not approach this tree, lest you be among the wrongdoers.”21 Adam
(PBUH) also was able to hear and receive inspiration from Iblis, hence: “Then Satan whispered to
him; he said, ‘O Adam, shall I direct you to the tree of eternity and possession that will not
deteriorate?’”22
     Adam (PBUH) also had free will and he chose to obey God at times, but he also chose to obey
Iblis, hence: “So he brought about their fall through deception. And when they tasted of the tree, their
nakedness was exposed to them, prompting them to cover themselves with leaves from Paradise. Then
their Lord called out to them, ‘Did I not forbid you from that tree and ˹did I not˺ tell you that Satan
is your sworn enemy?’ They replied, ‘Our Lord! We have wronged ourselves. If You do not forgive us
and have mercy on us, we will certainly be losers.’ ”23
     Iblis did not stop with Adam (PBUH), rather he interfered with all the Prophets and Messengers
after Adam (PBUH) and tried to tempt them. He succeeded in interfering to a degree with all of
them. The proof of his interference is evident in their mistakes. “And We did not send before you
any Messenger or Prophet except that when he spoke [or recited the revelation], Satan threw into it [the
revelation]. But Allah abolishes that which Satan throws in; then Allah makes precise His verses. And
Allah is Knowing and Wise.”24
     Therefore, there came a need for the coming of Messengers who could resist the temptations of
Iblis. There came a need for Prophets and Messengers who could categorically di erentiate between
God’s words and the words of Iblis. They would have the ability to resist temptation, recognize the
true words, and completely obey God. Jesus (PBUH) would be the rst of those Messengers who
accomplished this.


                                               Complete Words


Jesus (PBUH) marks a new beginning in the line of the Prophets and Messengers. There is much
evidence of this. In a long prayer by Imam Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace) he says: “I ask You by Your


20
   Second Treatise of the Great Seth, The Nag Hammadi Collection
21
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 2 (Al-Baqarah), Verse 35
22
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 20 (Taha), Verse 120
23
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 7 (Al-Araf), Verses 22-23
24
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 22 (Al-Hajj), Verse 52


                                                       343
                                            The Goal of the Wise


glory that appeared on Mount Sinai by which You spoke to Your servant and Messenger Moses son of
Imran. I ask You by Your rise in Seir and by Your appearance in Mount Pharan…”25 It is also stated
in the book of Deuteronomy, “He said: ‘The Lord came from Sinai and dawned over them from
Seir; he shone forth from Mount Paran. He came with myriads of holy ones from the south, from his
mountain slopes.’ ”26
     So, while Moses (PBUH) was named, Jesus (PBUH) was described as the rise of God in Seir, and
Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) as the appearance of God in Pharan. As we know the rise or
dawn of the sun is the rst action that the sun takes before it appears. Before that it is darkness. So,
Jesus (PBUH) was the most perfect of all the Prophets and Messengers and the most perfect
translator and re ection of God in Creation when he appeared. From Adam until John the Baptist
(PBUT), Jesus (PBUH) was the greatest and most complete of them all. Jesus (PBUH) proclaimed
this fact and proclaimed the fact that all the Prophets before him were incomplete. In the book of
John, Jesus (PBUH) says: “All who have come before me are thieves and robbers, but the sheep have
not listened to them.”27
     Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said, “There is no diﬀerence between Jesus (PBUH)
and Al-Hussein son of Ali (PBUH) in rank.” We know that Jesus (PBUH) was Gabriel (PBUH),
who was the sixth member under the cloak (Ahlul-Kisaa). For those unfamiliar with the incident,
here is an excerpt of the narration of the event by Fatimah Al-Zahra (From Her is Peace):


         God said: “O my angels! O inmates of the heavens! I have created this solid
         ﬁrmament, well-stretched earth, well-lighted moon, shining sun, rotating planets,
         rippling oceans and ﬂoating boats for the sake and love of these ﬁve people who are
         inside the cloak.” At this, the archangel Gabriel asked: “O Lord! Who are these inside
         the cloak?” The Lord said: “They are the Ahlul-Bayt of the Prophet and the assets of the
         Prophethood. They are Fatimah, her father, her husband and her two sons.” Gabriel
         said: “O Lord! Permit me also to descend to earth and join them as the sixth inside the
         cloak.” The Lord said: “You are permitted.” Thus Gabriel, the archangel, came down
         to Earth and said: “O Prophet of Allah! Peace be upon you. The Gracious Lord, the
         Almighty Allah sends His Greetings to you to bestow upon you His Grace and Mercy
         and says: ‘By My Grace and Grandeur! I have created this solid ﬁrmament,
         well-stretched earth, well-lighted moon, shining sun, rotating planets, rippling oceans
         and ﬂoating boats for the sake and love of you.’ And the Lord, Almighty has given me
         permission to join you inside the cloak O Prophet of Allah! May I come in and be with
         you?” The Holy Prophet replied: “O bearer of the divine revelations! Peace be upon you
         also. Yes, you may come in.” Then Gabriel too came inside the cloak. Thereafter, he

25
   Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 87, p. 99
26
   The Holy Bible, Book of Deuteronomy, Chapter 33, Verse 2
27
   The Holy Bible, Book of John, Chapter 10, Verse 8


                                                       344
                                        The Incomplete Words


         spoke to my father: “Allah sends His revelation to you and says: ‘Verily Allah’s desire is
         to keep you away from impurity (and ﬂaws), O People of the Household (Ahlul-Bayt)
         and keep you thoroughly puriﬁed.’ ” 28


Since it was revealed that Gabriel is Jesus (PBUH), we know that Jesus is a member of the People of
the Cloak (Ahlul-Kisaa) whom God honored and puri ed thoroughly from the impurities or
inspiration of Satan. We know that in the Holy Qur’an, God speaks about the nal Prophet before
Jesus, John the Baptist (PBUH) in the following way: “And peace be upon him the day he was born
and the day he dies and the day he is raised alive.”29 While Jesus (PBUH) is quoted as saying in the
Holy Qur’an: “And peace be upon me the day I was born, and the day I die, and the day I shall be
raised alive!”30 So, Jesus (PBUH) is sending peace upon his own self, while John and the Prophets
before him need someone to send peace upon them.
     Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) did say: “I am the closest of the people to Jesus the son
of Mary in this life and in the hereafter.”31 In terms of all the Prophets and Messengers from Adam
until Mohammed (PBUT), the best of the Prophets and Messengers were Mohammed (PBUH &
His Family) and Jesus the son of Mary (PBUH). Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said
to me: “Mary the Mother of Jesus (PBUH) incarnated again as Aminah the Mother of Mohammed
(PBUH & His Family).” So, in short, we nd that Jesus (PBUH) represents the perfect Messenger
and represents the actual rise of God, and Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) is a more perfect
Messenger and representative of God in Creation. They are puri ed from the temptations of the
devil, whereas previous Prophets and Messengers were a ected by them, and their messages were
mixed between truth from God and some falsehood from the devil. Jesus and Mohammed (PBUT)
were not obedient to the devil and/or confused in that regard. Jesus’ rejection of the temptations of
the devil was made abundantly clear in the Gospels and is something which was pointed out for a
reason. Three times he is tempted by Satan and three times he refuses to obey Satan. One time he is
tempted to turn stone into bread, another time he is asked to worship Satan in exchange for
rulership over the Earth and a third time he is asked to jump o a high pinnacle of the temple. In
the book of Luke it states:


         Jesus, full of the Holy Spirit, left the Jordan and was led by the Spirit into the
         wilderness, where for forty days he was tempted by the devil. He ate nothing during
         those days, and at the end of them he was hungry. The devil said to him, “If you are
         the Son of God, tell this stone to become bread.” Jesus answered, “It is written: ‘Man
         shall not live on bread alone.’ ” The devil led him up to a high place and showed him

28
   Al-Asrar Al-Fatimiyah, Shaikh Mohammed Fadhil Al-Masudi, p. 184
29
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 19 (Maryam), Verse 15
30
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 19 (Maryam), Verse 33
31
   Mizan Al-Hikmah (Scale of Wisdom), Mohammed Al-Reyshahri, Vol. 4, p. 3202


                                                    345
                                               The Goal of the Wise


            in an instant all the kingdoms of the world. And he said to him, “I will give you all
            their authority and splendor; it has been given to me, and I can give it to anyone I
            want to. If you worship me, it will all be yours.” Jesus answered, “It is written:
            ‘Worship the Lord your God and serve him only.’ ” The devil led him to Jerusalem
            and had him stand on the highest point of the temple. “If you are the Son of God,” he
            said, “throw yourself down from here. For it is written: ‘He will command his angels
            concerning you to guard you carefully; they will lift you up in their hands, so that you
            will not strike your foot against a stone.’ ” Jesus answered, “It is said: ‘Do not put the
            Lord your God to the test.’ ” When the devil had ﬁnished all this tempting, he left him
            until an opportune time.32


Contrary to Adam (PBUH) who when tempted by the devil to eat from the tree, he obeys, Jesus
declines to obey the devil and only obeys God. That is why he was given so many abilities that only
a God would have, because he was the perfect representative and Messenger and was able to re ect
all of God’s divine attributes. Jesus (PBUH) was able to distinguish between God and Iblis, and
Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) was an even more perfect re ection of God. The vicegerents of
Jesus (PBUH) leading up to Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) were also better than all the
Prophets before Jesus (PBUH). The vicegerents of Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) were better
and more perfect than all the previous Prophets and Messengers and vicegerents before
Mohammed (note that Jesus also returns as one of the vicegerents of Mohammed).
      Now the question is, did Jesus (PBUH) and Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) make mistakes?
To be any created being you must have at least a dot of darkness because all of creation is light
mixed with darkness. Only God is the absolute, pure, and complete light free from even a dot of
darkness. That is why Jesus (PBUH) when called good replied: “Why do you call me good? No one is
good except God alone.”33 As long as a person has a bit of darkness they are imperfect, for only God is
absolutely perfect. So, Jesus and Mohammed (PBUT) did make mistakes, but their mistakes would
not be considered to be mistakes like the rest of the mistakes of the Prophets and Messengers. Their
mistakes were minor. While the mistake of Adam was disobedience, the mistake of Noah was
questioning God, the mistake of Moses was requesting to see God, the mistake of Jesus was simply
asking if destiny could be changed, and Mohammed’s mistake was merely feeling uneasy about a
certain matter.


                                       The Mistake Committed by Jesus


      I said, “My Father, did Jesus have a mistake?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, my son.”
32
     The Holy Bible, Book of Luke, Chapter 4, Verses 1-13
33
     The Holy Bible, Book of Luke, Chapter 18, Verse 19


                                                            346
                                            The Incomplete Words


      I said, “What was his mistake?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “He asked for the Cruciﬁxion to be taken away from him.”
      I said, “My Father, why? Was he afraid of death after he raised the dead and performed all those
miracles and knew that God existed?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, my son. He didn’t want to be killed at the hands of
those, but don’t emphasize this matter too much.”


                                  The Mistake Committed by Mohammed


      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “There are Prophets whom God wiped their names from the
oﬃce of Prophethood and there were other Prophets who almost got their names erased from the oﬃce of
Prophethood, such as Moses (PBUH) and Joseph (PBUH).”
      I said, “Glory be to God. Was Joseph almost erased because of what he did with Zulaykha?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) replied, “For several reasons. The ﬁrst reason is because of what he
did with Zulaykha. The second reason is because he asked for help from the rulers before asking for
help from God. The third reason is because he became conceited at a certain point because of all the
women chasing him and loving him.”
      I said, “I seek forgiveness from God, the Most High, the Most Great.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “And as for Moses (PBUH), he was always asking questions,
investigating, and he was also impatient. Do you know how many of the Prophets and Messengers were
almost erased from the oﬃce of Prophethood?”
      I said, “313?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Moses was one of them and Joseph, and Jacob and
Mohammed too.”
      I said, “Mohammed (PBUH & His Family)?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, at the end of his life.”
      I said, “Because he didn’t want to inform the people about Ali (PBUH)?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes.”
      I said, “Why would he not want to tell?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Because he feared the people’s tongues and was embarrassed
because Ali was his cousin and married to his daughter.”
      The event of Ghadir Khumm is referenced in the following verse: “O Messenger, announce that
which has been revealed to you from your Lord, and if you do not, then you have not conveyed His
message. And Allah will protect you from the people. Indeed, Allah does not guide the disbelieving
people.”34



34
     The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 5 (Al-Ma’idah), Verse 67


                                                         347
                                              The Goal of the Wise


Although these were mistakes, they were not acts of obedience to Iblis or disobedience of God.
Jesus and Mohammed (PBUT) did not speak Iblis’ words, obey his commands, nor fall to his
temptations. During the lifetime of Jesus and Mohammed (PBUT), their messages were completely
safeguarded from the in uence of Iblis and all their words were the words of God.35 The words and
messages of the successors of Mohammed, the Imams and the Mahdis are also safeguarded in the
same way from the in uence of Iblis and for that reason the Will and its companions are a safety
from misguidance. Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) said on the night of his passing:
“Get me a pen and paper and I shall write you a book after which you will never go astray.”36
     However, as the narrations and history show, divine successorship of both Jesus and
Mohammed (PBUT) was far from a smooth transition. Despite the chaos and commotion, Prophet
Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) did indeed write a Will according to the divine precedent. He
wrote the Will in which the names of those successors starting with Imam Ali (From Him is Peace)
and ending with Abdullah, Ahmed, and Al-Mahdi, are explicitly mentioned. These are the ones
who are protected from the temptations and whispers of Iblis and promised by God to protect us
from misguidance.


                             The Will of Mohammed (PBUH & His Family)


Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) said to his cousin, son-in-law, and rightful successor,
Imam Ali ibn Abi Talib (From Him is Peace) on the night of his death:


         “O Father of Al-Hassan, bring me a pen and a paper,” so the Messenger of Allah
         (PBUH & His Family) dictated his Will until he came to this position where he said:
         “O Ali, there will be twelve Imams after me and after them there will be twelve
         Mahdis. So you, O Ali, are the ﬁrst of the twelve Imams, Allah the Exalted has named
         you in His heavens Ali Al-Murtada (the Content), Amirul Mo’mineen (the Prince of
         the Believers), Al-Siddiq Al-Akbar (the Greater Truthful), Al-Farouq Al-A’tham (the
         Greater Judge and Diﬀerentiator between truth and falsehood), Al-Ma’moun (the


35
   This is referring to their oral communication in real time. The written words ascribed to them later in history were
   distorted.
36
   This narration is famously known in both Sunni and Shia sources as the “The Hadith of the Pen and Paper.” Here is
   one example: Ibn 'Abbas narrated: When Allah’s Apostle was on his death-bed and in the house there were some
   people among whom was Umar bin Al-Khattab, the Prophet said, “Come, let me write for you a statement after
   which you will not go astray.” Umar said, “The Prophet is seriously ill and you have the Qur’an; so the Book of Allah
   is enough for us.” The people present in the house di ered and quarreled. Some said: “Go near so that the Prophet
   may write for you a statement after which you will not go astray,” while the others said as Umar said. When they
   caused a hue and cry before the Prophet, Allah’s Apostle said, “Go away!” ‘Ubaidullah said: Ibn ‘Abbas used to say,
   “It was very unfortunate that Allah’s Apostle was prevented from writing that statement for them because of their
   disagreement and noise.” - Sahih Al-Bukhari, Al-Bukhari, Book of Patients, Hadith No. 5669



                                                          348
                                              The Incomplete Words


            Trusted), and the Mahdi (the Guided). These names may not be attributed to other
            than you. O Ali, you are my vicegerent/guardian over my own family, their living and
            their dead, and upon my women: Whomever you kept, she shall ﬁnd me tomorrow,
            and whomever you divorced, I am innocent of her, I will not see her and she will not see
            me on the Day of Resurrection. And you are my successor (Khalifa) over my nation
            after me. If death comes to you, hand it over to my son Al-Hassan, the righteous and
            benevolent. Then if death comes to him, let him hand it over to my son Al-Hussein, the
            martyr, the pure and murdered. If death comes to him, let him hand it over to his son,
            the master of worshipers, Dhul Thafanat (the one with hard skin on his knees) Ali. If
            death comes to him, let him hand it over to his son, Mohammed Al-Baqir (the
            Revealer of Knowledge). If death comes to him, let him hand it over to his son, Ja’far
            Al-Sadiq (the Truthful). If death comes to him, let him hand it over to his son, Musa
            Al-Kathim (the Patient). If death comes to him, let him hand it over to his son, Ali
            Al-Ridha (the Pleasing One). If death comes to him, let him hand it over to his son,
            Mohammed Al-Thiqa Al-Taqqi (the Trustworthy, the God-Fearing). If death comes
            to him, let him hand it over to his son, Ali Al-Nasih (the Advisor). If death comes to
            him, let him hand it over to his son, Al-Hassan Al-Fadhil (the Meritorious). If death
            comes to him, let him hand it over to his son, Mohammed the Safeguarded of the
            Family of Mohammed (PBUT). Those are the twelve Imams. Then there will be
            twelve Mahdis after him, so if death comes to him, let him hand it over to his son, the
            ﬁrst of the Mahdis, he has three names, one like mine and my Father’s and it is
            Abdullah (Servant of God), Ahmed (the Praised), and the third name is
            Al-Mahdi (the Guided), and he is the ﬁrst of the believers.” 37




37
     Ghaybat Al-Tusi, Al-Shaikh Al-Tusi, Vol. 1, p. 174; Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 53, p. 148


                                                            349
The Goal of the Wise




        350
            Door Number Twenty-Eight


           Morals and Manners




“It is not what goes into the mouth that deﬁles a person,
but what comes out of the mouth; this deﬁles a person.”
                                         The Goal of the Wise


            mam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said in his sermon about his meeting with
            Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family):


            And after this meeting, I had many consecutive meetings with Imam Mahdi
        (PBUH) and he clariﬁed many things to me but he did not command me to announce
        anything to anyone, rather he gave me a lot of directives that concerned me and
        disciplined me and taught me the best of the divine morals and manners.


My journey with Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) followed the same path. A large
portion of that journey focused on the Imam disciplining me and bringing forth from me these
divine morals and manners. As such it is important that every person reading this Holy Book, and
truly believes in this religion, and wishes for their body to become a vessel for a pure soul, that they
discipline themselves. One day one of the believers disrespected me immensely and the matter
reached Imam ِAhmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace).
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “I shall return your right to you, and you know your Father
when he returns rights to its people. My son, I want you, though, to know the meaning of Joseph. Joseph
means praised manners, patience, strength, willpower, love, compassion, mercy, the ﬁghting of the ego,
nobility, purity, might, forgiveness, obedience to God, being a poor, despicable servant towards God.”
   I said, “Do you ﬁnd these traits in me, Father?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “All of it is in you, and a part of it you have not used yet. I
am disciplining you; I am disciplining a cub; I want him to grow up and be a lion. When I put my
head on the dirt, I am at peace that I disciplined and created the Ahmed Al-Hassan that Mohammed
(PBUH & His Family) created. I raised you as my Father raised me, so don’t ever get aﬀected or get
angry. When the righteous Father wants to discipline his son, he puts pressure on him in order that he
brings out a man that can bear responsibility.”
   I said, “Ok, grant me another chance (to be more patient).”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Son, the opportunity is open. Who said to you, O Abdullah,
that I closed the door? Your door is open, and I shall not leave you until I see what I want to see. I only
want the world to see the greatness of Joseph through his morals and manners, and through his
compassion and sympathy, through his mercy, his wisdom, his strength, through everything.”
   I said, “I am trying to be Ahmed Al-Hassan” and I pulled out a black book that was lled with
my handwriting and said, “This is my book, I wrote it with my hands, it has in it every wisdom I ever
heard from you.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Great job! Great job, my son! Great job! I do not see in
disciplining you anything but happiness. I am happy and I never get bored or tired from this and I
have faith that you will be as God wants you to be, and I have faith that I can make you as God wants
you to be. So rise as you have risen before and as you have changed. Rise, for you are able, and by God
you have a great ability to change and that is something in your favor, my beloved. Now go tell the


                                                   352
                                       Morals and Manners


people that so and so were perhaps ignorant in some matters, and they do not know, and that you have
prayed for them and have asked God to forgive them.”


                                        Advice to the Ansar


Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said, “I want something very important. I want that
the believers learn the manners of the Ahlul-Bayt and their discipline and nature so that they may be
truly the best nation that ever was. Discipline is more important than knowledge. Morals and
manners are above all else. Knowledge can be given any time but someone who is disciplined in the
wrong way is very diﬃcult to correct later, it is like a tree which grew crooked, once that happens it is
very diﬃcult to straighten. All should work for one. There should be no sensitivities amongst the
believers, and everyone should automatically be willing to help everyone. The believers should be like a
beehive, if one person makes a mistake, the other should bring it to their attention, there should be no
shame between you, you are all one, if one person makes a mistake then shame on everyone because you
are all one. I want the people to see in my Ansar true Prophets and Messengers, in their manners and
everything, just as one of Adam’s (PBUH) friends said about Hamidreza when he met him, he said:
‘That man is a Prophet’ and he praised his manners. The people should speak this way about my
Ansar and I do not accept anything less than that. If they reach that degree, then that is enough for me
and enough for them because after that they themselves will have reached a point where they are better
than the Prophets in their manners. I want everyone to be with everyone like that, with the close and
the distant, the husband with the wife, in public and in private, everyone maintains the same manners
and actions, not diﬀering in treatment and behavior with a young person or an elderly person.”


                                     Thinking About the Poor


The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Even if it is the person’s own money, the believer should not just
spend abundantly as they wish or buy things that are not necessary or things that are just for
entertainment or buy things that are expensive, for sure not. I myself, whom the believers say that
everything belongs to me, do not give my own self the right to do that. Spending should be done
responsibly, I call it moral spending. Every human being has to think of other than himself. He must
think that there are hundreds of millions of people that are starving and cannot ﬁnd a single bite to
eat. They cannot ﬁnd anything to cover them and keep them warm from the cold of the winter. They
cannot ﬁnd a roof that protects them from the tyranny and oppression of the sons of Adam. I do not
care what religion they practice or what they believe in, they don’t know and don’t realize what the
truth is. Place the judgment for that on the side. What’s important for me is that there is a human
being who is starving, and we must think about those people, because one day they will be Ansar and
supporters who are tough on the disbelievers and hypocrites and who are brothers and sisters to you.”



                                                  353
                                         The Goal of the Wise


                                              Submission


The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Nothing shall beneﬁt you in this religion except for two things,
without these two things it is very diﬃcult to remain ﬁrm on this path, and it is patience, then
patience, then patience, then submission. Submission is one of the easiest ways for a person to walk on
the straight path. It is also one of the hardest things to do. If the human being submits but is not truly
submissive it will bear negative consequences on the human’s life until it throws him into destruction,
God forbid.”


                                             Shortcoming


The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “To feel like you are a shortcomer is the feeling that every
believer has. Even Imam Mahdi (PBUH) says: ‘I am a shortcomer’ and even I feel like an extreme
shortcomer to the point that I do not sleep at night and all praises are due to God. We are all
shortcomers my son, because God gives us a lot in exchange for what we give Him which is so little. And
even that little which we give Him is not from us, rather it is all by His Grace. So we do not even have
any favor in it.”


                                  Depending on God Completely


The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The believing human being must be constantly rising, and he
must never stop or have a limit. Rather, he must always ask for more in all conditions and at all
times, and he must always recite these words: ‘There is no power nor might except by God.’ Let that be
your constitution in all areas of life, you will be the happiest of all humans, but the believer must not
say it by the tongue alone, but rather they should say it in their heart and mind and be a believer in it
by word and action.”


                               Never Interpret Without Knowledge


The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The one who interprets without knowledge is not rewarded if
they are correct and is blamed if they are wrong.”


                                      Think before You Speak


The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Ali ibn Abi Talib (PBUH) used to wish that his neck was long
so that before he spoke a single word, if there was anything wrong in it, he could return it back and ﬁx
it before it came out of his mouth. He (PBUH) never spoke a sentence or single word except that he
posed it to himself ﬁrst, studied its negative eﬀects and its positive eﬀects and then afterwards decided


                                                     354
                                       Morals and Manners


if it is feasible to say. That is the reason why you always ﬁnd him wise and an eloquent speaker and
every word that he says has in it wisdom and an entire sermon with unlimited beneﬁts.”


                                 Fear Is Not One of Our Qualities


The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Fear is not one of our qualities. The believer is not afraid of
anything except for God. Whoever is with God is not afraid, the one who is far from God feels fearful.
Closeness to God makes a person feel safe.”


                                      The Caravan of Ahmed


The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Ahmed Al-Hassan does not want in his caravan a believer
who is not speaking to his brother. Whoever is not speaking to his brother should not say that he is one
of my Ansar and I do not want him. Everyone must love everyone, everyone must protect everyone,
everyone must prefer everyone over their own selves, and everyone must prefer the children of everyone
else over their own children. Everyone is in front of me, and I am last. That should be your motto, I
shall not take until my brother takes, I shall not eat until my brother eats, I shall not dress until my
brother dresses. I shall sleep hungry, and my brother shall sleep comfortably. I shall sleep on the ﬂoor
and my brother shall sleep in a warm bed. I shall die in order that my brother lives. If you are not like
this and more, by God, by God, by God, a Divine Just State shall not be established. It shall not be
established until this justice and equality is established between you ﬁrst. It must begin from within
you, O believers.”


                                               Mistakes


The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “It is not shameful that the human being makes a mistake then
ﬁgures out that he made a mistake, but rather the shame is when he knows that he made a mistake,
and he continues holding on to his mistake.”


                                                 Work


The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Working is an act of worship. Work, work, work until your
breath is cut. Whoever says that sustenance is upon God while they sleep in their home shutting their
door, shall not obtain a single loaf of bread, but whoever says sustenance is upon God, then they wake
up early depending on God, looking for sustenance, shall receive at least what they did not expect of
sustenance.”




                                                  355
                                          The Goal of the Wise


                                                   Rest


The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “I do not promise the believers rest in this world ever, until their
last breath, but I do guarantee for you paradise and the supreme victory.”


                                                 Marriage


The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Marriage is a duty upon all believers.”


                                                 Patience


The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “I ask God for you and your brethren patience in what you
shall see and hear. There is no rest in the material world, my son. Hurtful words are worse than the
sword and worse than prison. Filthy, impure, false accusations are worse than death. Be patient, verily
God is with the patient. Be patient, for verily God is with the patient strivers. Do not forget that, my
son, patience. They shall say many things about you, but your name shall be written amongst the
winners, God-willing.”


           Always Think Good of God: God Never Misguides His Sincere Servants


The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Whoever wants to reach shall reach and whoever doesn’t want
to reach shall not. Be and you shall be. Sleep and you shall sleep. My advice to you always and forever
is that you think good of God always, and that you always think that God does not misguide His
sincere servants. Be patient, be patient, and be patient. For whoever works by that, by God, shall never
go out of this world except in a state of happiness and satisfaction. We do not own anything, my son.
Everything we have is loaned to us: our money, our children, our bodies, our souls. Everything is
entrusted to us. All of it belongs to God. He is the owner of all things. Purify yourself from the inside,
and you shall know as I know. Remove the remnants of the material world from your heart and
purify your inside. Wish for your brother what you wish for yourself. Wish it for all humanity. Make
yourself the ﬁrst to give and the last to take. Discipline yourself and know that God hears and sees
what is in the heart. The tongue does not bring forth nor does it delay.”


                                          Never Take by Force


The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Only take from someone what they give from their own selves
without them giving it due to them being embarrassed, for that which is taken in that way is like that
which is taken by force. You can only take if the person gives it to you willingly.”



                                                    356
                                        Morals and Manners


                                       The Believer Never Lies


The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The believer might do many things, but the believer does not
lie. The thing I hate the most is a liar. The one who lies can do anything, he can steal, cheat, fornicate,
murder.”


                                               Confession


The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Confession of guilt is a virtue. When the human being makes
a mistake and then confesses, God Almighty forgives him, but that mistake must be one that was
committed unintentionally, meaning, one cannot go forth committing sins and mistakes on purpose
and then just expect that they can come and confess. That is called hypocrisy.”


                                              Forgiveness


The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “We are the preferred ones of God and His Household, from the
characteristics of this House is courage and forgiveness.”


                                                  Anger


The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Anger for yourself is not one of your characteristics, O
Mahdis.”


                                        Everything Has a Time


The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “My son, I want you to understand something which is very
important and which you will need in your life and in your divine path and in the correction of this
religion and in this responsibility that has fallen upon you in this great matter. I want you to
understand that you will not know anything until its time has come. Every matter has a time and
everything has a date and a particular time which God has determined for it, and the timing which
God chose without a shadow of a doubt is the best timing and any time other than that, you shall be the
one who loses, even if you think that you shall be the winner if you know earlier. Just depend on God
and submit to Him and you shall see the heavens and the earth opening for you and spreading out for
you. I do not forbid you from thinking, rather I tell you to never stop contemplating, and this
contemplation will for sure beneﬁt you when the command of God comes. God always gives symbols,
and through thinking you shall be able to decode these symbols after depending on God. Thinking is an
exercise for the mind, train your mind, think, discover, and never stop doing that, but know that for
every matter is an appointed time. I am here to discipline you and teach you and prepare you for the


                                                   357
                                         The Goal of the Wise


matter of your Lord, and the divine mission that God placed on your shoulders. You shall never be lost
so long as God the Dear, the Everlasting is present, there shall be none who get lost in the presence of
God and whoever depends on other than God is humiliated. Take your power and strength from God
Almighty and always set your sight on Him, in rising and sitting and eating and drinking and in
everything. He is the One who deserves worship and deserves that we depend on Him because He is the
great Creator that sees but is not seen, except for what He wills.”


                                       Never Abandon Friends


The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The true man never abandons his friends. Rather, never
abandon anyone who helped you with anything in any day.”


                                                Altruism


The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “My son, once human beings give up selﬁshness and they prefer
others over their own selves, the world shall be a world of light, and you shall not ﬁnd in it a poor
person or one in need or a hungry person or a scared person. That is the most important thing that
human beings should do, to prefer others over their own selves, my brother ﬁrst, my sister ﬁrst.”


                                         Treatment of Others


The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “I shall not forgive any person who transgresses against his
believing brother or sister, whomever they may be. And whoever does that shall not receive God’s mercy.
He shall be touched by the ﬁre of God and he shall be burnt by it until the end of time. I want to see
everyone dealing with everyone as if they are Ahmed Al-Hassan, as if they are all Aba Al-Sadiq. I am
not pleased with anything other than that, rather I do not accept anything other than that.”


                                             Raising a Son


The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “I rebuke and teach you, and the son does not become a man
except by severe strictness. If you have a son that you wish to discipline, you must be severely strict with
him in order that he becomes a man that you can depend on and in order that he is able to depend on
himself. No matter how severely strict I am with you, you are my beloved. If I am not strict with you
one day then know that I am not pleased with you. If you wish to be as I want you to be, then you must
bear and what you wish for shall happen to you. You too be strict with the believers for their own
beneﬁt. The Father who is soft with his children is not a good Father nor a strong disciplinary ﬁgure.
For that reason I get angry with you and even hit you sometimes in order that I bring out of you a
man that is able to withstand the storms and strikes of time.”


                                                    358
                                 Morals and Manners


                         Lessons I Learned From My Father


1.    I learned from Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) that the mercy of God preceded
      His Anger.


2.    I learned from Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) that he is a man, and to be a
      man means that you never abandon or give up on your friends.


3.    I learned from Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) to not fear him, for no one fears
      him except for his enemies.


4.    I learned from Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) that if you are harsh in your
      manners and speech with people, they will all go away from you.


5.    I learned from Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) that God loves to cover people’s
      sins and faults so much so that God Himself made the person the only watcher and
      judge over his own self.


6.    I learned from Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) that the best way to lead people
      is to do so without them feeling or knowing that you are leading them and to teach
      them in a way that they don’t feel they are being taught.


7.    I learned from Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) that God sent 313 Messengers
      to the nations and that 313 Messengers were almost erased. Every person who had the
      duty to carry God’s message to a nation was almost erased, so contemplate over that
      while dealing with people.


8.    I learned from Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) to be patient and never run away
      from nor abandon my people, even if they try to ght me, imprison me, or kill me.


9.    I learned from Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) that I should look at people with
      the eye of love. For whoever looks at the people with the eye of love sees nothing but
      good, and whoever looks at the people with an eye other than that sees faults.


10.   I learned from Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) that to have Ansar without
      morals and manners that actually give victory to God is better than having pious people
      who do not give victory.



                                           359
                                              The Goal of the Wise


        11.     I learned from Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) that sometimes the Messenger
                needs more disciplining than the people he was sent to. God had mercy on Nineveh,
                but the whale swallowed Jonah (PBUH). God had mercy on Israel, but punished
                Hosea with a woman. God says, “And we did not send you except as a mercy to the
                world”1 and whoever does not have mercy does not deserve mercy.


        12.     I learned from Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) that as you do shall be done
                unto you. As you judge, shall you be judged. As you treat the people, shall you be
                treated. Verily, God is Just and loves justice. No one is above this rule. King Khosrow
                cut his son to pieces over the money of an old poor person, and he was not more just
                than Ahmed Al-Hassan.


        13.     I learned from Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) that there was no nation
                without mistakes. More importantly, He did not send a Messenger that did not commit
                a mistake. So contemplate over that, O sons of Adam!


        14.     I learned from Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) that perhaps God forgives the
                fornicating man and woman and covers their sin from the people, but He does not
                cover the sins of the person who counts the mistakes of others.


        15.     I learned from Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) that the closest people to him
                are those who confess their mistakes and sins, because confession is a virtue.


        16.     I learned from Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) that sometimes the closest
                people to God were at one point the worst of enemies, so be patient with people.


        17.     I learned from Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) that I should not expect to see in
                the people one who does not make mistakes. For all human beings make mistakes, and
                if I nd the one who doesn’t make a mistake, then I should fall down on my face and
                worship. For there is none who is free of mistakes except for God who there is no God
                but He.


        18.     I learned from Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) that the good word is better and
                longer lasting.




1
    The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 21 (Al-Anbiya), Verse 107


                                                         360
                                           Morals and Manners


       19.     I learned from Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) that I should say what is nice or
               not say anything at all.


       20.     I learned from Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) that God doesn’t have time to
               listen to you complaining about others, He is All-Hearing and All-Knowing. What will
               you tell Him that He doesn’t already know?


       21.     I learned from Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) that whoever gives victory to
               God with one dinar in times of hardship, God will overlook all his sins and mistakes
               and make him enter into paradise before His other servants. So, don’t look down on
               people for you do not know how many sinners and ill-mannered people will enter
               paradise before you.


       22.     I learned from Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) to forgive everyone. Even the
               cursed could be forgiven and could return to the mercy of God if they truly repent and
               reform.


       23.     I learned from Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) that sometimes the furthest
               people from God know God the most and sometimes the closest people to God are the
               furthest people from God in terms of knowing Him.


       24.     I learned from Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) that once there was a Prophet
               who asked God to replace his nation with another one. God commanded the Prophet
               to marry a prostitute and bear children with her. The Prophet did not know if his
               children from this woman were his or from other than him. Many years later God
               ordered him to divorce the woman and the Prophet was unable to. God told him: “You
               cannot divorce a woman that you know is unfaithful even though you do not even know if
               your children are your own, and you want me to divorce my chosen nation?”


       25.     I learned from Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) that I must be more patient with
               my nation than Noah (PBUH) was, even if it took a thousand years, for Ahmed
               Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said: “I shall be patient, if my Lord wills, even for a
               thousand years until God fulﬁlls a matter which He had already ordained and I shall
               not complain about you to God.”2



2
    From the Sermon “To the Students of the Hawza in Najaf Al-Ashraf and Qom and Everywhere in the World” by
    Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace).


                                                       361
                                 The Goal of the Wise


26.   I learned from Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) to love people. For loving people
      is faith and loving one’s own self is disbelief. Whoever loves himself has thought good
      of himself and saw in himself goodness. Whoever loved the people has thought of them
      good and saw in them goodness.


27.   I learned from Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) that it wasn’t just the Israelites
      that were forbidden from entering the Promised Land. Rather, Moses and Aaron
      (PBUT) were forbidden from entering before them, so contemplate, O son of Adam.


28.   I learned from Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) that every time he sent me to
      teach someone something, I learned something.


29.   I learned from Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) that religion is good treatment
      of others, and whoever doesn’t treat others well has no religion.


30.   I learned from Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) that whoever breaks a person
      bears the sin of them going out.


31.   I learned from Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) that even the one who saw
      under the Throne had envy within him. Even the Peacock angel had envy within him.
      Even the one who was a Caliph over the angels and ate from the tree had envy within
      him. So, contemplate that, O sons of Adam!


32.   I learned from Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) that I should give everything to
      God and not care.


33.   I learned from Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) that if I keep a penny more than
      what I need I have disbelieved.


34.   I learned from Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) that God does not abandon
      those who do not abandon Him.


35.   I learned from Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) that a person can give more than
      what he has. God never burdens a person with more than what they can bear. The
      human being is limitless and has no limit to what they can bear.


36.   I learned from Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) that the impossible is only what
      the person decides is impossible for himself. There is no such thing as impossible.


                                           362
                                        Morals and Manners


    37.     I learned from Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) that perhaps the lowest of the
            people teaches you the greatest of lessons, just as the ant taught Solomon not to be
            prideful.


    38.     I learned from Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) that the one who does not serve
            the religion of God is worthless, and the one who serves the religion of God, even if by a
            stroke of a pen, is priceless.


    39.     I learned from Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) that the one appointed
            responsible over the a airs of the people is closer to hell re than the ones whom he is
            appointed over. 313 Messengers were almost erased, but 313 nations were not.


    40.     I learned from Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) that I should help people against
            their own selves and I should not help the selves against the people.


    41.     I learned from Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) that mercy and humanity come
              rst. Humanity comes before religion.


    42.     I learned from Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) that I should never give up on
            someone who helped me one day, even if they were a disbeliever or an atheist or an
            addict.


    43.     I learned from Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) that to mention people’s
            mistakes is a mistake.


    44.     I learned from Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) to apologize even if I am not at
            fault.


The lessons which I learned from Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) are in nite. I
mentioned here some of the words that he spoke to me, and I mentioned some lessons that I
learned from him over the years. An in nite amount of books could be written about the lessons I
learned from him, but I leave you with these that I chose to share as I see they are most bene cial
for you at this time.




                                                 363
The Goal of the Wise




        364
           Door Number Twenty-Nine


  the Corruption of the Qur’an




     “Then do they not reﬂect upon the Qur’an?
     If it had been from [any] other than Allah,
they would have found within it much contradiction.”
                                            The Goal of the Wise


                he Holy Qur’an is the book which was revealed to Prophet Mohammed (PBUH &
                His Family). Most Muslims believe the book they currently hold to be infallible and
                protected against any form of corruption or misguidance. They believe the Holy
                Qur’an to be the greatest book ever written as they believe the author to be God
Almighty and not a mere human being. When we look at the narrations of the Ahlul-Bayt (From
Them is Peace) concerning the time of the Qaim/Riser, we nd that the Qaim/Riser (From Him is
Peace) comes with a new book, other than the one present with the people. Imam Mohammed
Al-Baqir (From Him is Peace) said: “The Qaim/Riser shall rise with a new matter, and a new book,
and a new jurisprudence/rule.”1 Imam Al-Baqir (From Him is Peace) also said: “It is as if I’m
looking at him between the Rukn and the Maqam, while the people are pledging allegiance to him
upon a new book which is hard for the Arabs.”2 Imam Ali (From Him is Peace) said: “It is as if I am
seeing our Shia in the mosque of Kufa with their tents set up, teaching the people the Qur’an as it
actually came down, verily when our Qaim rises he will break it down and establish his qibla.”3


                                           Was the Qur’an Lost?


It is a well-known fact that within Muslim sources, Sunni and Shia alike, there are many narrations
which claim the Qur’an that we have today is incomplete or corrupted. Ibn Omar states in one
narration: “Let none of you say, ‘I have acquired the whole of the Qur’an.’ How does he know what all
of it is when much of the Qur’an has disappeared? Rather let him say, ‘I have acquired what has
survived.’ ”4 In Sahih Muslim, Abu Musa Al-Ash’ari is recorded to have said: “We used to recite a
Surah which resembled in length and severity [Surah] ‘Bara’at’. I have, however, forgotten it with the
exception of this which I remember out of it: ‘If there were two valleys full of riches, for the son of
Adam, he would long for a third valley, and nothing would ﬁll the stomach of the son of Adam but
dust.’ ”5 He also said: “We used to recite a Surah similar to one of the Musabbihaat, and I no longer
remember it, but this much I have indeed preserved: ‘O you who truly believe, why do you preach that
which you do not practice?’ (and) ‘that is inscribed on your necks as a witness and you will be examined
about it on the Day of Resurrection.’ ”6 Omar ibn Al-Khattab claimed there was a verse left out of
the Qur’an that had to do with stoning: “Allah sent Mohammed (PBUH) with the truth and
revealed the Holy Book to him, and among what Allah revealed, was the verse of the Rajam (the
stoning of married persons, male and female, who commit adultery) and we did recite this verse and
understood and memorized it. Allah’s Apostle (PBUH) did carry out the punishment of stoning and

1
  Kitab Al-Ghayba (Book of Occultation), Al-Numani, Vol. 1, p. 236
2
  Kitab Al-Ghayba (Book of Occultation), Al-Numani, Vol. 1, p. 269
3
  Kitab Al-Ghayba (Book of Occultation), Al-Numani, Vol. 1, p. 331
4
  Al-Itiqan ﬁ’ulum Al-Qur’an (The Perfect Guide to the Sciences of the Qur’an), Al-Suyuti, Vol. 2, p. 66
5
  Sahih Muslim, Muslim ibn Al-Hajjaj Al-Naysaburi, Book 12, Hadith 156
6
  Sahih Muslim, Muslim ibn Al-Hajjaj Al-Naysaburi, Book 12, Hadith 156; Musabbihat refer to the chapters of the
  Holy Qur’an that begin with glori cation of God (e.g. subhana, sabbaha, yusabbihu).


                                                       366
                                   the Corruption of the Qur’an


so did we after him. I am afraid that after a long time has passed, somebody will say, ‘By Allah, we do
not ﬁnd the verse of the Rajam in Allah’s Book’, and thus they will go astray by leaving an obligation
which Allah has revealed.”7
    Other companions claimed that two thirds of Surah Al-Ahzab went missing. Zirr ibn Hubaish
reported: “Ubayy ibn Ka’b said to me, ‘What is the extent of Surah Al-Ahzab?’ I said, ‘Seventy-two,
or seventy-three verses.’ He said, ‘Yet it used to be equal to Surah Al-Baqarah and in it we recited the
verse of stoning.’ I said, ‘And what is the verse of stoning?’ He replied, ‘The fornicators among the
married men (ash-shaikh) and married women (ash-shaikhah), stone them as an exemplary
punishment from Allah, and Allah is Mighty and Wise.’ ”8 Even the wife of Prophet Mohammed
(PBUH & His Family) Aisha claimed that part of the Qur’an was eaten by a goat, she said: “No
doubt, the verse of stoning and the breastfeeding of adults by 10 sucklings was revealed, and it was on
a paper below my bedding. When the Prophet (PBUH) died, and we were busy, a goat entered and ate
it.”9 These are but few narrations from many which show that the early companions all admitted
that the Qur’an which they compiled after the death of the Prophet (PBUH & His Family) was not
complete and had many missing verses.


                        The Full Qur’an Is With the Family of Mohammed


The narrations from the Family of Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) clearly state that after the
Prophet’s death, Imam Ali (From Him is Peace) compiled the entire Qur’an as it came down on
Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) and o ered it to the Muslims but they rejected it. Imam Ali
(From Him is Peace) narrated: “When the Messenger of God (PBUH & His Family) died, I swore
not to change my garments except for the Friday prayer until I have compiled the Qur’an, and I
did.”10 He (From Him is Peace) also said: “Not a single verse from the Qur’an came down upon the
Messenger of God (PBUH & His Family) except that he taught it to me and I wrote it with my own
handwriting and he taught me its meaning and interpretation, its abrogating and its abrogated
verses, its decisive and its allegorical meanings. He asked God that I understand it and memorize it
and I have not forgotten a single verse from the Book of God, nor a knowledge that he taught me, and I
wrote it down.”11 When Imam Ali (From Him is Peace) took the Qur’an he had compiled to the
people, they said, “We do not need it,”12 and they rejected it. To this Imam Ali (From Him is Peace)
said: “By God, you shall not see it after this day ever.”13 And he passed it down from one Imam to

7
  Sahih Al-Bukhari, Al-Bukhari, Book of Limits and Punishments set by Allah, Hadith No. 6830
8
  Al-Itiqan ﬁ’ulum Al-Qur’an (The Perfect Guide to the Sciences of the Qur’an), Al-Suyuti, Vol. 2, p. 66
9
  Sunan ibn Majah, Mohammed ibn Yazid Al-Qozwiny, Vol. 1, p. 626; Musnad Ahmed ibn Hanbal, Ahmed ibn
   Hanbal, Vol. 6, p. 269
10
   Kitab Al-Masahif, Ibn Abi Dawud, p. 169
11
   Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 89, p. 99
12
   Al-Kaﬁ, Al-Shaikh Al-Kulayni, Vol. 2, p. 633
13
   Al-Kaﬁ, Al-Shaikh Al-Kulayni, Vol. 2, p. 633


                                                     367
                                               The Goal of the Wise


the next until the time of the Riser/Qaim (From Him is Peace) when he will reveal it to the people
in full. This belief was not strange amongst the early Shia scholars. Notable early Shia scholars
supported the view that the qur’anic text compiled by Uthman was incomplete and/or distorted.
Some examples are Al-Qomi, Al-Kulayni, and Al-Shaykh Al-Mu d. Over time as this view became
controversial in the Muslim world, most scholars chose to be ambiguous or silent about the issue
altogether until this day.


                               Are All Copies of the Qur’an Today the Same?


The copies of the Qur’an which are present between the hands of the people today are not all the
same. There are copies that have di erent words and extra letters compared to others. They are all
accepted and used by Muslims today. Few Muslims realize this matter, and the majority are still
under the illusion that there is only one copy of the Qur’an and it is as it came down upon the
Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family). To demonstrate the di erences between the di erent
versions of the Qur’ans present on the streets and in the hands of Muslims, we bring forth to you a
comparative study that was done by some non-Muslims.14 The following is a comparison between
the 1924 Egyptian edition of the Qur’an, based on the version transmitted by Imam Hafs, and the
Qur’an transmitted by Imam Warsh. Anyone can verify this by comparing these two copies of the
Qur’an.


EXTRA WORDS

     THE QUR’AN ACCORDING TO IMAM                               THE QUR’AN ACCORDING TO
     HAFS                                                       IMAM WARSH




     Allah huwa l-ghaniyu                                       Allah l-ghaniyu
     Allah is the self-su cient ... (57:24)                     Allah, the self-su cient ... (57:23)
     The Hafs version has an extra word, huwa, in this verse. This makes the grammar di erent
     between these two Qur’ans. In the Hafs version it is a sentence, Allah is the self-suﬃcient, while
     in the Warsh version it is a phrase, Allah, the self-suﬃcient. Both Qur’ans are expressing the same
     idea but are doing it in di erent ways and as a result are recited di erently.




14
     The Diﬀerent Arabic versions of the Qur’an, Samuel Green


                                                          368
                                the Corruption of the Qur’an




wasaari’uu                                             saari’uu
And hasten to ... (3:133)                              Hasten to ... (3:133)
The Hafs version has the extra word waw (and). This does not change the meaning of the verse
but does change the way it is recited.

GRAPHICAL/BASIC LETTER DIFFERENCES

THE      QUR’AN            ACCORDING      TO     THE QUR’AN ACCORDING TO IMAM
IMAM HAFS                                        WARSH




wawassaa                                         wa’awsaa
And Ibrahim enjoined (wawassaa) on his           And Ibrahim instructed (wa’awsaa) his sons ...
sons ... (2:132)                                 (2:131)
The Hafs version is a 2nd form verb, while the Warsh version has an extra alif to make a 4th form
verb. This intensi es the meaning of the verb and changes how it is recited.




yartadda                                         yartadid
... turn back ... (5:54)                         ... turn back ... (5:56)
The two words are recited di erently but have the same meaning. They are two di erent
examples of the 8th form jussive verb. This is most likely a di erence in dialect.




                                                369
                                          The Goal of the Wise




 qaala
                                                      qul
 He said (qaala), “My Lord knows ...” (21:4)
                                                      Say (qul): “My Lord knows …” (21:4)
 In the Hafs version qaala is the perfect tense and therefore Mohammed is the subject of the
 verb, but in the Warsh version qul is the imperative and therefore the subject is God who is
 commanding Mohammed/Muslims. This di erence is repeated in 21:112.




 walaayakhaafu                                        falaayakhaafu
 ... and for him is no fear (walaayakhaafu) ...       ... therefore, for him is no fear (falaayakhaafu) ...
 (91:15)                                              (91:15)
 There are di erent letters at the beginning of these words. This changes the connection from
 “and” to “therefore”.


It is also well known that the early qur’anic manuscripts did not have diacritical marks and were
devoid of any vocalization markers (harakat). Here are some examples (Figures 1 and 2):


Figure 1: Early Ku c Script




Blue Qur’an (Al-Muṣḥaf al-′Azraq) with early Ku c script showing Surah Rum (The Romans), Verses 28–32,
Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York


                                                     370
                                        the Corruption of the Qur’an


Figure 2: Samarkand Ku c Script




Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York


The Sana’a Manuscript is another example of one of the earliest qur’anic manuscripts discovered in
1972 in the Great Mosque of Sana’a, Yemen.15 It has been extensively studied using the latest
technology and shows layers of text where the original was erased and written over. It contains
many variations from the standard Uthmanic version in terms of words and sequence of chapters
(Surahs) (Figure 3):


Figure 3: Sana’a Manuscript




15
     Early qur’anic parchments discovered in the Great Mosque in Sanaa, Ursula Dreibholz, German Archaeological
     Institute


                                                          371
                                       The Goal of the Wise


DIACRITICAL DIFFERENCES


Arabic uses dots (i’jam) to distinguish certain letters that are written the same way. For instance the

basic symbol          represents ve di erent letters in Arabic depending upon where the diacritical

dots are placed:          baa’,     taa’,       thaa’,        nuun,            yaa’. Here we see another
di erence between these two Qur’ans; they do not have the dots in the same place. The result is that
di erent letters are formed.


 THE QUR’AN ACCORDING TO IMAM                       THE QUR’AN ACCORDING TO IMAM
 HAFS                                               WARSH




 nag r                                              yughfar
 ... we give mercy ... (2:58)                       ... you are given mercy ... (2:57)
 The rst letter is di erent in these two words. In the Hafs version the verb comes in the active
 form (We give) whereas in the Warsh version it comes in the passive form (You are given).
 Additionally in the Hafs version the verb comes in the form “we”, which changes the meaning.




 taquluna                                           yaquluna
 ... you (plural) say ... (2:140)                   ... they say ... (2:139)
 The rst letter is di erent in these two words. This di erence changes the meaning from “you”
 to “they”.




                                                 372
                                    the Corruption of the Qur’an


nunshizuhaa                                       nunshiruhaa
... we shall raise up ... (2:259)                 ... we shall revive/make alive ... (2:258)
There are di erent root letters in these words and this makes two di erent words. The two words
have a similar meaning but are not identical.




ataytukum                                         ataynakum
I gave you ... (3:81)                             We gave you ... (3:80)
There are di erent letters in the middle of these words. This di erence changes the meaning
from “I” to “we”.




yu’tiihim                                         nuutiihimuu
... he gives them ... (4:152)                     ... we give them ... (4:151)
There are di erent letters at the beginning of these words. This di erence changes the meaning
from “we” to “he”.




hum `ibadu l-rahmani                              hum `inda l-rahmani
... they are slaves of the Most Gracious ...      ... they are with the Most Gracious ...
(43:19)                                           (43:18)
The middle letter of the middle word is di erent in these verses. This changes the meaning of
these words signi cantly: In the Hafs version the word is a noun and means slaves while in the
Warsh version the word is a preposition and means with. Thus, the verses have a di erent
meaning.




                                                373
                                      The Goal of the Wise


VOWEL DIFFERENCES

Arabic uses diacritical markers (tashkil) above and below the letters to indicate some of the vowels
of a word. Here we see another di erence between these two Qur’ans; they do not use the same
vowels in the same place.


 THE QUR’AN ACCORDING TO IMAM                          THE QUR’AN ACCORDING TO
 HAFS                                                  IMAM WARSH




 maaliki yawmi                                         maliki yawmi
 Owner of the Day ... (1:4)                            King of the Day ... (1:3)
 The Hafs version has a long alif which makes an active participle, meaning owner, while the
 Warsh version is a nominal noun meaning king.




 yakhda’uuna                                           yukhaadi’uuna
 ... they deceive ... (2:9)                            ... they seek to deceive ... (2:8)
 There are di erent vowels on the rst and second letters of these words. The Hafs version is a 1st
 form of the verb, while the Warsh version is a 3rd form.




 yakdhibuuna                                           yukadhdhibuuna
 ... they lie ... (2:10)                               ... they deny ... (2:9)
 There are di erent vowels on the rst and second letters of these words. The Hafs version is a 1st
 form of the verb, while the Warsh version is a 2nd form. (Note: This word appears twice in this
 verse.)




                                                374
                                    the Corruption of the Qur’an




hatta yaquula                                         hatta yaquulu
... so that they said ... (2:214)                     ... until they said ... (2:212)
There is a di erent vowel on the last letter. The fatha vowel used in the Hafs version places the
verb into the subjunctive mood which gives the preceding particle hatta the meaning so that.
The Warsh version uses the damma vowel which places the verb into the imperfect indicative
mood which gives the particle hatta the meaning until.




ta’aamu miskiinin
                                                      ta’aami masakiina
... a redemption by feeding a poor man …
                                                      ... a redemption by feeding poor men ...
(2:184)
                                                      (2:183)
There are several di erent vowels in these words. These change the noun from singular to plural;
and hence changes the number of men you are required to feed to redeem yourself for failing to
fast.




qatala                                                qutila
And many a Prophet fought (qatala) …                  And many a Prophet was killed (qutila)
(3:146)                                               (3:146)
There are di erent vowels in these words. These change the meaning from the active to the
passive and thus change the meaning of the verse.




                                                375
                                         The Goal of the Wise




 risaalatahu                                             risaalatihi
 his message ... (5:67)                                  his message ... (5:69)
 There are di erent vowels on the last two letters of these words. These change the case and
 pronunciation of the word. The Hafs version is in the accusative case while the Warsh is in the
 genitive. This re ects a di erent understanding of the grammar of the sentence.




                                                         saahiraani
 sihraani
                                                         ... two magicians ... (28:48)
 ... two works of magic ... (28:48)
 There are di erent vowels on the rst two letters of these words. These change the word from an
 active participle in the Warsh version to a noun in the Hafs version, and thus changes the
 meaning of the verse.




 rabbiha wa kutubihi                                     rabbiha wa kitabihi
 ... her lord and his books. (66:12)                     ... her lord and his book. (66:12)
 There are di erent vowels used for the word kitab (book). This di erence makes the word plural
 in the Hafs version and singular in the Warsh version. This slightly changes the meaning of the
 verse because in the Hafs version Mary believes in all of God’s books, while in the Warsh version
 she believes in the book that is with her.


                                       Corruption in the Qur’an


Ibn Abi Yaafor narrates that he entered upon Imam Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace) who said, “O
Ibn Abi Yaafor, did you read the Qur’an?” so I said, “Yes, this recitation.” So he said, “It is this one
that I asked you about and none other than it.” So I said, “Yes, may I be your ransom, why?” He said,



                                                  376
                                        the Corruption of the Qur’an


“Because Moses (PBUH) spoke to his people a speech and they could not handle it so they rebelled
against him in Egypt and they fought him, and he fought them, and he killed them. And Jesus
(PBUH) spoke to his people a speech and they did not handle it and they rebelled against him in Tikrit
and so they fought him, and he fought them, and he killed them. And it is the saying of God
Almighty, ‘Then a group of the Children of Israel believed while another disbelieved. We then
supported the believers against their enemies, so they prevailed.’ And the ﬁrst Qaim from us, the
Ahlul-Bayt, will speak to you a speech that you will not handle and you will go out against him in
Rumaila Al-Daskara (Iraq) and you will ﬁght him, and he will ﬁght you, and then he will kill you,
and this will be the last time someone rebels, then O Ibn Abi Yaafor, God will gather the ﬁrst ones and
the last ones and then he will bring forth Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) in the people of his
time…”16
      One day I said to Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “Are there verses and Surahs of
the Qur’an that have never been published before or is the Qur’an complete as it is?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes there are, and there are also words in the Qur’an that
were taken out. There is some corruption in the Qur’an but not all of it is corrupted.”
      I said, “My Father, is any of the Qur’an that is currently present between our hands inspired by the
devil? You had told me before that some of the previous Messengers before Jesus (PBUH) were inspired
by Iblis at times.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The Qur’an that is present between the hands of the people
is a mixture of true stories and imaginary ones, some lies and some truth, it is a mixture.”
      I said, “Were the corruption and mistakes in it from Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) listening
to the devil or from those who came after him?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “It was from after Mohammed.”
      I said, “My Father, there are some matters in the Holy Qur’an that when you read them, it is as if
the one who wrote it was either correcting a mistake or made a mistake when copying the story.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Deﬁnitely.”
      I said, “For example, the story of Talut and Jalut and the crossing of the river and then David
killing Jalut, the thing is, there is no incident of crossing a river in the story of David and Goliath. The
story of the river and the 10,313 is the story of Prophet Gideon and this happened hundreds of years
before the incident of David and Goliath. Saul was the King in the time of David (not Talut) and the
Bible says that he lost his soul and fought David, and there are many examples of this, stories that got
mixed up in the Qur’an. In the book of Judges it states: “Early in the morning, Jerub-Baal (that is,
Gideon) and all his men camped at the spring of Harod. The camp of Midian was north of them in
the valley near the hill of Moreh. The Lord said to Gideon, “You have too many men. I cannot deliver
Midian into their hands, or Israel would boast against me, ‘My own strength has saved me.’ Now
announce to the army, ‘Anyone who trembles with fear may turn back and leave Mount Gilead.’ ” So


16
     Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 7, p. 284


                                                             377
                                                The Goal of the Wise


twenty-two thousand men left, while ten thousand remained. But the Lord said to Gideon, “There are
still too many men. Take them down to the water, and I will thin them out for you there. If I say, ‘This
one shall go with you,’ he shall go; but if I say, ‘This one shall not go with you,’ he shall not go.” So
Gideon took the men down to the water. There the Lord told him, “Separate those who lap the water
with their tongues as a dog laps from those who kneel down to drink.” Three hundred of them drank
from cupped hands, lapping like dogs. All the rest got down on their knees to drink. The Lord said to
Gideon, “With the three hundred men that lapped I will save you and give the Midianites into your
hands. Let all the others go home.” So Gideon sent the rest of the Israelites home but kept the three
hundred, who took over the provisions and trumpets of the others. Now the camp of Midian lay below
him in the valley.”17 While in the Qur’an it says: “And when Talut went forth with the soldiers, he
said, “Indeed, Allah will be testing you with a river. So whoever drinks from it is not of me, and
whoever does not taste it is indeed of me, except one who takes [from it] in the hollow of his hand.” But
they drank from it, except a [very] few of them. Then when he had crossed it along with those who
believed with him, they said, “There is no power for us today against Goliath and his soldiers.” But
those who were certain that they would meet Allah said, “How many a small company has overcome a
large company by the permission of Allah. And Allah is with the patient. ”18
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, with all certainty.”
      I said, “Was it Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) who was correcting what came in the Torah
and the Bible or was it that Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) told the story wrong, or was it
corrupted after Mohammed (PBUH & His Family)?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “It was corrupted after Mohammed (PBUH & His
Family).”
      I said, “There is no power nor strength except through God.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “This book is not the same book that came down on
Mohammed (PBUH & His Family).”
      I said, “How do we know what the truth is?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “There is a time which will come in which we shall reveal the
true Qur’an that came down upon Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) just as we revealed the matter
of the Kaaba and the true month of Ramadan. Wait and you shall have great pleasure in reading it
and you shall laugh, and you shall weep, and you shall be amazed. I believe you shall not sleep for
three straight nights when you read and contemplate on it.”




17
     The Holy Bible, Book of Judges, Chapter 7, Verses 1-8
18
     The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 2 (Al-Baqarah), Verse 249


                                                             378
                                       the Corruption of the Qur’an


                                            Ishmael or Isaac or Both?


      I said, “The oldest available copies of the Torah mention that Isaac is the one who was to be
slaughtered by Abraham and the Qur’an states it was Ishmael. Either the Torah is corrupted or the
Qur’an in this regard or both of them were oﬀered as slaughters, where is the truth?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Ishmael was the one oﬀered to be slaughtered.”
      I said, “So the Torah is corrupted there?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes.”


                                           Jesus’ Words in the Qur’an


      I said, “There is a verse in the Qur’an about Jesus (PBUH) that says: ‘He declared, I am Abdullah
(a servant of Allah).’ 19 Someone is asking, is the meaning here that he is a servant from the servants of
God, or that the soul of Abdullah pronounced on his tongue while the look-alike was in the form of an
angel or what does this verse mean?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The meaning is that he is a servant from the servants of
God, if the verse is correct, but in general, he means he is a servant from the servants of God.”
      I said, “So it is corrupted then?” but the Imam (From Him is Peace) remained silent.


                                        The Verse of Cutting the Hand


      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “In the Qur’an there is a verse: ‘The male thief and the
female thief: then (eqta’u) cut oﬀ the hands of both, as a recompense for what they (both) have earned,
as a torture from Allah; and Allah is Ever-Mighty, Ever-Wise’ ”20
      I said, “Was this verse corrupted?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, it really came down as ‘The male thief and the female
thief: then (baqqi’o) stain the hands of both, as a recompense for what they (both) have earned, as a
torture from Allah; and Allah is Ever-Mighty, Ever-Wise.’ ”
      I said, “So there is no verse in the Qur’an commanding that the hands of the thief be cut oﬀ?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “No, there was a special plant that was dark in color and
contained a dye which was hard to remove. They would dye the hands of the thief so he could be an
example to others.”




19
     The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 19 (Maryam), Verse 30
20
     The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 5 (Al-Ma’idah), Verse 38


                                                         379
                                              The Goal of the Wise


                                                   Al-Murtada


      One day Adam (PBUH) and I were speaking about the Qur’an and he pointed towards a verse
of the Qur’an that I had hanging in the room and said, “I heard from Abraham (PBUH) the
manner in which this verse ‘And verily your Lord shall give you, so that you shall be well-pleased’ came
down.”21
      I said, “What did you hear?”
      Adam (PBUH) said, “He said it came down as ‘And verily your Lord Al-Murtada shall give you
so that you shall be well-pleased.’ ”


                                        Whose Words Are the Qur’an?


      Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said, “I shall give you something son, let me ask
you a question, whose words are the Qur’an?”
      I said, “God’s?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Does God say: ‘It is You that we worship, and it is You that
we seek help from?’ 22 Does God say about Himself, ‘It is You that we worship’ ?”
      I said, “No, I suppose not.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The Qur’an is the words of Mohammed (PBUH & His
Family). He is the one who wrote the Qur’an by divine inspiration, but the words are his words.”
      I said, “So it wasn’t that Gabriel brought him word for word the Qur’an and made him recite it
like Muslims think?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “No, it was an inspiration into his heart, and he spoke the
words.”


                                      The Governments Hid the Truth


We can see just in the last century that collections such as the Nag Hammadi library, lost Gospels,
and manuscripts like Al-Haft Al-Shareef and The Sana’a Manuscript are well known amongst
scholars and experts, but the public is still largely unaware. The Imam (From Him is Peace) said to
me one day,


           I want you to make a program that makes people understand that it is not in the
           interest of America and Israel to disprove Islam in its current form and schools of
           thought, because this religion and its sects bring in a lot of money and security for
           them. They could, if they wanted to, prove to the people that these religions have been
21
     The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 93 (Al-Dhuha), Verse 5
22
     The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 1 (Al-Fatiha), Verse 5


                                                       380
                            the Corruption of the Qur’an


corrupted from many centuries ago. They have found so much evidence and proofs for
this while they were searching and digging for artifacts, and yet they hide many secrets
from the Muslims especially, as well as the rest of the followers of the divine religions,
because it is not in their interest to divulge the facts to the people.




                                              381
The Goal of the Wise




        382
   Door Number Thirty


the Events of the Rise




 “And by the Promised Day.”
                                         The Goal of the Wise


           mam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) spoke to me about the events of the Rise.
           He spoke to me about what would come before, during, and after the Rise. He spoke to
           me about great prophecies that were never spoken of before, some of which concerned
           the world in general, and other prophecies were pertaining to me speci cally. In 2015,
Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) prophesied to me some things that would happen to
me over the course of the coming years. Much of it came to pass. Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From
Him is Peace) said,


       Our ﬁrst house of worship where God shall be worshiped with His true religion will be
       in Europe. My son, you are approaching a clear opening. Your matter shall grow large
       and rise high by the permission of God. No oppressor shall welcome you. No one in
       reality will welcome you but in the apparent they will deal with you in accordance with
       the principles of their so-called democracy. It is your land, son, all of it shall be under
       the rulership of God, choose the appropriate place for you and all of it is appropriate
       God-willing. At ﬁrst, you shall be in occultation for a while, then you shall openly
       announce [the religion] with a group of pure ones whom you shall meet over there, and
       your mention shall rise, and your command shall be obeyed. Over there you shall meet
       your brother and you shall meet your sister, and you shall meet Umm Mohammed
       and her husband Aba Mohammed, the parents of Mohammed (PBUH) who will rule
       the entire universe, God-willing, in his time, Mohammed son of Al-Zahra (PBUH).
       You now have one abode over there in one of the European countries and more shall
       follow God-willing, this is all from God Almighty. You remain steadfast in what you
       are doing and your direction and do not worry about what I shall do. You shall be
       comfortable God-willing, and you shall be extremely surprised due to what you shall
       see of things that you did not expect.


Indeed, the rst house of worship for God was established in Europe. Indeed, I met those pure
individuals who stood with me over the past years and still stand with me, sticking by my side and
never leaving it, my family and community. I also met those other individuals and some of them
indeed surprised me with their betrayals and actions that I did not expect. Now God-willing, we are
raising the words and teachings of Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) and are
approaching the clear opening.


                                           The Plan of God


Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said,




                                                  384
                                             the Events of the Rise


           Now, let us leave the speech about you and I and let us direct our focus to the
           battleﬁeld, the land that every Prophet, Vicegerent, Messenger, and Caliph of God has
           been waiting for, the battle of truth against falsehood. This battle has several aspects to
           it. A group of you shall be in Europe. A group of you shall be in Iraq, and Mecca, and
           Egypt. It is a circle like the beads of a necklace, all are tied together, each completing the
           other. You have entered Egypt and established the Platform of Egypt. Now you shall
           leave it, and return to it as an opener, God-willing. The day shall come, God-willing,
           and you shall see how God is Great and you shall see how perfect His plan is and how it
           would never cross the mind of a creature, and so all praises due to God.


                                             Close Signs of the Rise


      I said, “What are some of the close signs of the Rise?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “A shoe will cause a great war to take place between two
tyrannical countries and both sides will be destroyed.”
      I said, “Glory be to God.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Many great tribulations will strike the Earth and much
real estate will not be worth anything in that time. Look closely to Mecca.”
      I said, “Tell me more, may I be your ransom.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Seagulls will go extinct. And many other species will go
extinct, and many new species will be discovered.”
      I said, “Glory be to God!”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “A science experiment goes wrong and causes a lot of
damage, and a very small animal will cause an international incident [We now know this animal to
be the coronavirus, these prophecies were given in 2015]. Many world leaders and Arab leaders will die
in a short time period from one another.”


                                        We Are in the Rise Right Now


      I said, “So did the Rise begin with the death of king Abdullah and the appearance of Imam Mahdi
(PBUH)?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, son.”
      I said, “So we are in the Rise right now?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, as Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) said:
‘My religion did not rise except through the wealth of Khadijah and the sword of Ali ibn Abi Talib.’ 1
As such, 40 percent of the Rise is raising funds and 60 percent is physical.”


1
    Shajara Tuba’a (Blessed Tree), Al-Shaikh Muhammad Mahdi Al-Hairi, Vol. 2, p. 233


                                                         385
                                              The Goal of the Wise


    I said, “So right now the one who abandons his post and position and work in this Call is like the one
who abandons his post in the Rise with the Riser/Qaim?”
    The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Absolutely, there is no diﬀerence, we are in the Rise right
now.”


                                                       Bida’a2


    I said, “Is there any Bida’a [changes to a matter after it has been ordained] that will take place in
regard to the Rise?”
    The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes son, there has happened a lot of Bida’a in this matter. It
happened, my son. Bida’a happened several times.”
    I said, “Could it happen that Bida’a takes place, and the Rise does not take place in our time?”
    The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “It’s possible, my son.”
    I said, “How is that the case, my Father, when you are the First Mahdi?”
    The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “There is no such thing as ‘how’, my son, I mean in regard to
the timing, and not in regard to the matter.”
    I said, “No, I mean is it possible that the Rise does not happen during your life?”
    The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “No, my son, that is not possible.”


                                              Is It a Military Rise?


    I said, “My Father, does the Rise start as a military rise?”
    The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Depends, it is not a condition.”
    I said, “Or does the Rise happen as an intellectual one and, for example, an entire country comes to
believe in this religion.”
    The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “It depends on the faith of the believers and their intentions
and the amount of their submission and obedience. For every event there is a speech.”3
    I said, “Can the Rise be delayed?”
    The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “It can be canceled and not delayed.”
    I said, “Canceled? Do you mean that there could not be a Divine Just State altogether on Earth
ever?”




2
  The concept of Bida’a ‘change in divine decree’ is not to be confused with the concept of Bidaa which means
  innovation. The opposite of Bida’a is Mahtum, which means rmly ordained and unchangeable. An example of
  Bida’a would be the delays in the ood of Noah (PBUH). The ood was delayed for the purpose of sifting the
  believers. Examples of Mahtum signs are the Rise of the Yamani, the Sufyani, the Sayhah (Call from the sky), and the
  Hand in the sky.
3
  The Arabic idiom lekol-e-haadith hadeeth means that for every situation there is a di erent remark.


                                                         386
                                            the Events of the Rise


      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “No, son, no. It is possible that the Rise which was meant to
take place in a certain part of the Earth is canceled and goes to another land and instead takes place on
another spot on this Earth.”
      I said, “I am speaking about it not happening at all on our Earth because of the believers being weak
or traitors or or. For example, like what happened with Jesus the son of Mary (PBUH), he was supposed
to rule Jerusalem and the world as the Jewish Messiah, or Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) who
was supposed to ﬁll the Earth with justice and equity and then because of the people, the matter was
delayed in both their cases.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The matter can be a bit later but to not happen altogether,
that is not possible.”
      I said, “When you say it can be a bit later, do you mean that it would be delayed until the time of
another Mahdi other than this time in which you are currently present?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “No, son, no, don’t go far in your thinking.”
      I said, “Even if it were the case, I would remain patient and working between your hands, I only
care about you being pleased.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Blessed you are! O pure one! Blessed you are!
O beloved of your Father!”
      I said, “My Father, could the Rise happen through the purchase of vast amounts of land and then
declaring a nation-state and through a declaration of independence?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “They won’t let you be, and they will not lay the ground with
roses for you.”
      I said, “Yes, they do not even let us be now, so how would it be if we have a state.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Exactly.”
      I said, “So now, from where is it meant to begin?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Iraq or Hijaz.”4
      I said, “Glory be to God.”


                                                  The Process


      I said, “How much of the world shall be in the Divine Just State?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “A lot, but it is not the size that you imagine.”
      I said, “So how many for example?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The Arab countries and parts of others, and others in their
entirety.”
      I said, “So, it will encompass a third of the world for example or a fourth?”



4
    This matter is not Mahtum and can change.


                                                       387
                                               The Goal of the Wise


      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “What stage are we talking about so that I can answer you
precisely?”
      I said, “Rulership and true Kingship was never taken away from you in order that it be returned to
you and the entire planet is yours. Everything is between your hands, but from what I understand, the
Divine Just State shall continue to grow throughout the periods of the Mahdis until the entire Earth is
in the Divine Just State in the time of the Twelfth Mahdi, Mohammed son of Al-Zahra (PBUH) and
there is not a single country out of it. So, during the time period of Dawn (Fajr), which is Imam
Mahdi, and Noon (Dhuhr), which is Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan, which countries will be in the Divine
Just State?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “My son, it is a matter of attack and retreat. We shall take
a piece of land and lose another, until we control all of it and have control over all parts of the globe.
This shall happen between the ﬁrst and throughout all of the periods of the Mahdis until the last
Mahdi.”
      I said, “All praises due to God.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The worst time period will be the rule of Adam (PBUH)
[The Fourth Mahdi].”
      I said, “From which aspect is it the worst?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “In terms of treachery and backstabbing.”


                                               Death of the Mahdis


      One day I was asking Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) about some narrations, and
I asked, “The narration which says the Mahdi is scared and on the lookout,5 this is about Moses
(PBUH) correct?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, this is about Moses. Fajr (Dawn) is Imam Mahdi
(PBUH), Dhuhr (Noon) is the ﬁrst Mahdi, Asr (Mid-day) is you, Maghrib (Dusk) is Moses and Isha
(Night) is Adam.”
      I said, “Will darkness and oppression return to the Earth in his time and in the time of Adam
(PBUH), night?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, it begins in the time of Moses, and it worsens greatly in
the time of Adam. Adam will lead a great war in which hundreds of thousands will die.”
      I said, “There is no power nor might except with God. Who will this war be against, Father? Will it
be against a particular country?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “It shall be against the enemies of the rulership of God and
the supporters of evil.”

5
    Imam Al-Baqir (From Him is Peace) said: “And the Mahdi emerges from it in the same way as Moses, in fear and
     anticipation.” - Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 52, p. 223



                                                          388
                                             the Events of the Rise


    I said, “May God curse them. Adam will remain until that time in his current body, not in a new
incarnation I mean?”
    The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “If I answer that now you shall be confused and it shall
harm you, because my answer is not what you expect or imagine. You shall know, but not now.”
    I said, “Will America remain after you? Because in the Sermon of Hajj you say, ‘America, Rome,
behind it’ ”
    The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “As for the Romans, their remnants will remain then they
shall become strong and deceive the people once again, but that shall not be for long. The Sixth and
Seventh Mahdis shall completely destroy them along with the Eighth, Ninth, Tenth, and Eleventh
(PBUT) until there comes the ﬁnal Mahdi Mohammed (PBUH & His Family), the Seal of the
Mahdis, that shall ﬁll the Earth with justice and equity and will rule for many years.”
    I said, “My Father, can you tell me something?”
    The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “What is it?”
    I said, “How will I be killed? By the sword or by poisoning?”
    The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “You will be killed by the sword and by poisoning, may my
soul be your ransom, both of them, you will be poisoned and killed.”
    I said, “By the Romans?”
    The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “By the miserable, the traitors.”
    I said, “There is no God but God, the hypocrites?”
    The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The hypocrites.”
    I said, “Will Moses take revenge for me?”
    The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “God-willing. My son, leave this speech for now, please.”
    I asked the Imam (From Him is Peace), “What about Moses and Adam (PBUT)?”
    The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “My son, pretty much everyone is killed by hypocrites and
traitors.”6
    I said, “God’s curse be upon them.”
    The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Fever always comes from the feet.”7
    I asked, “My Father, why do people kill the Mahdis and one of them is slaughtered like Al-Hussein
(PBUH)?”
    The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “My son, this matter is painful, it is because of deep envy
against the Family of Mohammed (PBUT) and revenge, those things make some people go back from
their faith.”




6
  Imam Al-Hassan ibn Ali (From Him is Peace) said: “There is not one of us except that he is either killed or poisoned.”
   - Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 27, p. 217
7
  Al-homma ta’ti min al-qademin da’ema’ (Fever always comes from the feet) is an Iraqi idiom that means that one is
   always struck from the close ones before the strangers.


                                                          389
                                                The Goal of the Wise


      I said, “And what about after Mohammed son of Al-Zahra (PBUH)? Shall the conditions become
stable in the period of the Hadun?”8
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The greatest period is the period of Mohammed son of
Al-Zahra (PBUH). He shall ﬁll the Earth up with justice and equity.”
      I said, “And how long does it remain as such?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “17 years. The rule of Mohammed (PBUH & His Family)
is 17 years. However, justice and equity shall last much longer than that. After that the matters shall
remain good.”
      I said, “Shall you return? As one of the Hadun?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “You mean Ahmed Al-Hassan?”
      I said, “Yes.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “My beloved son, can I refrain from responding?”
      I began to weep and I said, “You are breaking my heart.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “It is for that reason that I do not want to answer.”
      I said, “You have broken my heart! Ahmed Al-Hassan never returns?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “I apologize, O light of my eyes.”
      I continued to weep profusely.
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Peace be upon you, O beloved of your Father, and the mercy
and blessings of God, O light of my eyes.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) got up and walked away.




8
    The twelve rulers after the twelve Mahdis are called Hadun.


                                                            390
            Door Number Thirty-One


   the Lost Years of Jesus Christ




“Jesus said: ‘And if I go and prepare a place for you,
    I will come back and take you to be with me
       so that you also may be where I am.’”
                                                The Goal of the Wise


             esus (PBUH) loved his companions so much that he gave up his life for them. He would
             never abandon his friends. Most people only know that Jesus (PBUH) visited his disciples
             a number of times over the forty days after the Cruci xion. Little do people know that
             Jesus (PBUH) visited his disciples many more times and, as he previously promised,
wished to take them with him. Jesus (PBUH) told them before: “Do not let your hearts be troubled.
You believe in God; believe also in me. My Father’s house has many rooms; if that were not so, would I
have told you that I am going there to prepare a place for you? And if I go and prepare a place for you,
I will come back and take you to be with me (so) that you also may be where I am. You know the way to
the place where I am going.”1
      That is exactly what Jesus (PBUH) did. He continued to visit them and teach them. He tried to
take them with him, but they did not want to go with him. At least most of them. In the Gnostic
Gospel The Secret Book of James it recounts the matter:


           James writes to you. Peace be with you from Peace, love from Love, grace from Grace,
           faith from Faith, life from Holy Life! Since you asked me to send you a secret book
           which was revealed to me and Peter by the Lord, I could neither refuse you nor speak
           directly to you, but I have written it in Hebrew letters and have sent it to you - and to
           you alone. But inasmuch as you are a minister of the salvation of the saints, endeavor
           earnestly and take care not to recount this book to many - this which the Savior did not
           desire to recount to all of us, his twelve disciples. But blessed are those who will be saved
           through faith in this discourse. Now I sent you ten months ago another secret book
           which the Savior revealed to me. But that one you are to regard in this manner, as
           revealed to me, James. Now the twelve disciples were sitting all together at the same
           time, and, remembering what the Savior had said to each one of them, whether secretly
           or openly, they were setting it down in books. And I was writing what was in my book -
           lo, the Savior appeared, after he had departed from us while we gazed at him. And
           ﬁve hundred and ﬁfty days after he arose from the dead, we said to him: “Have you
           gone and departed from us?” And Jesus said: “No, but I shall go to the place from
           which I have come. If you desire to come with me, come.” They all answered and said:
           “If you bid us, we’ll come.” He said: “Truly I say to you, no one ever will enter the
           Kingdom of Heaven if I bid him, but rather because you yourselves are full. Let me
           have James and Peter, in order that I may ﬁll them.” And when he called these two, he
           took them aside, and commanded the rest to busy themselves with that with which they
           had been busy.
           The Savior said; “You have received mercy....
           (7 lines missing)


1
    The Holy Bible, Book of John, Chapter 14, Verses 1-4


                                                           392
                           the Lost Years of Jesus Christ


Do you not desire, then, to be ﬁlled? And is your heart drunk? Do you not desire, then,
to be sober? Therefore, be ashamed! And now, waking or sleeping, remember that you
have seen the Son of Man, and with him you have spoken, and to him you have
listened. Woe to those who have seen the Son of Man! Blessed are those who have not
seen the Man, and who have not consorted with him, and who have not spoken with
him, and who have not listened to anything from him. Yours is life! Know, therefore,
that he healed you when you were ill, in order that you might reign. Woe to those who
have rested from their illness, because they will relapse again into illness! Blessed are
those who have not been ill, and have known rest before they became ill. Yours is the
Kingdom of God! Therefore I say to you, become full and leave no place within you
empty, since the Coming One is able to mock you.” Then Peter answered: “Lord, three
times you have said to us ‘Become full’, but we are full.” The Lord answered and said:
“Therefore I say unto you, become full, in order that you may not be diminished. Those
who are diminished, however, will not be saved. For fullness is good and diminution is
bad. Therefore, just as it is good for you to be diminished and, on the other hand, bad
for you to be ﬁlled, so also the one who is full is diminished; and the one who is
diminished is not ﬁlled as the one who is diminished is ﬁlled, and the one who is full,
for his part, brings his suﬃciency to completion. Therefore, it is ﬁtting to be diminished
while you can still be ﬁlled, and to be ﬁlled while it is still possible to be diminished, in
order that you can ﬁll yourselves the more. Therefore become full of the spirit but be
diminished of reason. For reason is of the soul; and it is soul.” And I answered, and
said to him: “Lord, we can obey you if you wish. For we have forsaken our forefathers
and our mothers and our villages and have followed you. Grant us, therefore, not to be
tempted by the wicked devil.” The Lord answered and said: “What is your merit when
you do the will of the Father if it is not given to you by him as a gift, while you are
tempted by Satan? But if you are oppressed by Satan and are persecuted and you do
the Father’s will, I say that he will love you and will make you equal with me and will
consider that you have become beloved through his providence according to your free
choice. Will you not cease, then, being lovers of the ﬂesh and being afraid of suﬀerings?
Or do you not know that you have not yet been mistreated and have not yet been
accused unjustly, nor have you yet been shut up in prison, nor have you yet been
condemned lawlessly, nor have you yet been cruciﬁed without reason, nor have you yet
been buried shamefully, as was I myself, by the evil one? Do you dare to spare the ﬂesh,
you for whom the spirit is an encircling wall? If you contemplate the world, how long it
is before you and also how long it is after you, you will ﬁnd that your life is one single
day and your suﬀerings, one single hour. For the good will not enter the world. Scorn
death, therefore, and take concern for life. Remember my cross and my death and you
will live.” And I answered and said to him: “Lord, do not mention to us the cross and


                                            393
                                 The Goal of the Wise


the death, for they are far from you.” The Lord answered and said: “Truly I say to you,
none will be saved unless they believe in my cross. But those who have believed in my
cross, theirs is the Kingdom of God. Therefore, become seekers for death, just as the
dead who seek for life, for that which they seek is revealed to them. And what is there to
concern them? When you turn yourselves towards death, it will make known to you
election. In truth I say to you, none of those who are afraid of death will be saved. For
the Kingdom of God belongs to those who have put themselves to death. Become better
than I; make yourselves like the son of the Holy Spirit.” Then I questioned him: “Lord
how may we prophesy to those who ask us to prophesy to them? For there are many who
ask us and who look to us to hear an oracle from us.” The Lord answered and said:
“Do you not know that the head of prophecy was cut oﬀ with John?” And I said: “Lord,
it is not possible to remove the head of prophecy, is it?” The Lord said to me: “When you
come to know what ‘head’ is, and that prophecy issues from the head, then understand
what is the meaning of ‘Its head was removed.’ I ﬁrst spoke with you in parables, and
you did not understand. Now, in turn, I speak with you openly, and you do not
perceive. But it is you who were to me a parable in parables and what is apparent in
what are open. Be zealous to be saved without being urged. Rather, be ready on your
own and, if possible, go before me. For thus the Father will love you. Become haters of
hypocrisy and evil thought. For it is thought which gives birth to hypocrisy, but
hypocrisy is far from the truth. Let not the Kingdom of Heaven wither away. For it is
like a date palm shoot whose fruits poured down around it. It put forth leaves and,
when they budded, they caused the productivity of the date palm to dry up. Thus it is
also with the fruit which came from this single root; when the fruit was picked, fruits
were collected by many harvesters. It would indeed be good if it were possible to produce
these new plants now; for then you would ﬁnd the Kingdom. Since I have been gloriﬁed
in this manner before this time, why do you all restrain me when I am eager to go? You
have constrained me to remain with you eighteen more days for the sake of the
parables. It suﬃced for some persons to pay attention to the teaching and understand
‘The Shepherds’ and ‘The Seed’ and ‘The Building’ and ‘The Lamps of the Virgins’
and ‘The Wage of the Workers’ and ‘The Double Drachma’ and ‘The Woman.’
Become zealous about the Word. For the Word’s ﬁrst condition is faith; the second is
love; the third is works. Now from these comes life. For the Word is like a grain of
wheat. When someone sowed it, he believed in it; and when it sprouted, he loved it,
because he looked forward to many grains in the place of one; and when he worked it,
he was saved, because he prepared it for food. Again he left some grains to sow. Thus it
is also possible for you all to receive the Kingdom of Heaven: unless you receive it
through knowledge, you will not be able to ﬁnd it. Therefore I say to you, be sober. Do
not go astray. And many times I have said to you all together - and also to you alone,


                                           394
                           the Lost Years of Jesus Christ


James, I have said - ‘Be saved!’ And I have commanded you to follow me, and I have
taught you the response in the presence of the rulers. Observe that I have descended, and
I have spoken, and I have troubled myself, and I have received my crown, when I saved
you. For I have descended to dwell with you in order that you also may dwell with me.
And when I found that your houses had no ceilings over them, I dwelt in houses which
would be able to receive me when I descended. Therefore, obey me, my brothers.
Understand what the great light is. The Father does not need me. For a father does not
need a son, but it is the son who needs the father. To him I am going, for the Father of
the Son is not in need of you. Pay attention to the Word. Understand Knowledge. Love
Life. And no one will persecute you, nor will anyone oppress you, other than you
yourselves. O you wretched! O you unfortunates! O you dissemblers of the truth! O you
falsiﬁers of knowledge! O you sinners against the spirit! Do you even now dare to
listen, when it behooved you to speak from the beginning? Do you even now dare to
sleep, when it behooved you to be awake from the beginning, in order that the Kingdom
of Heaven might receive you? In truth I say to you, it is easier for a holy one to sink into
deﬁlement, and for a man of light to sink into darkness, than for you to reign - or even
not to reign! I have remembered your tears and your grief and your sorrow. They are
far from us. Now, then, you who are outside the inheritance of the Father, weep where
it behooves you and grieve and proclaim that which is good, since the Son is ascending
appropriately. In truth I say to you, had it been to those who would listen to me that I
was sent, and had it been with them that I was to speak, I would have never descended
upon the earth. And now, then, be ashamed on account of them. Behold, I shall depart
from you. I am going and I do not desire to remain with you any longer - just as you
yourselves have not desired. Now, then, follow me quickly. Therefore I say to you, for
your sake I have descended. You are the beloved; you are those who will become a cause
of life for many. Beseech the Father. Implore God often, and he will give to you. Blessed
is the one who has seen you with him when he is proclaimed among the angels and
gloriﬁed among the saints. Yours is life! Rejoice and be glad as children of God. Keep
his will in order that you may be saved. Take reproof from me and save yourselves. I
intercede on your behalf with the Father, and he will forgive you much.” And when we
heard these things, we became elated, for we had been depressed on account of what we
had said earlier. Now when he saw our rejoicing, he said: “Woe to you who are in want
of an advocate! Woe to you who are in need of grace! Blessed are those who have spoken
freely and have produced grace for themselves. Make yourselves like strangers; of what
sort are they in the estimation of your city? Why are you troubled when you oust
yourselves of your own accord and depart from your city? Why do you abandon your
dwelling place of your own accord, readying it for those who desire to dwell in it? O you
exiles and fugitives! Woe to you, because you will be caught! Or perhaps you imagine


                                            395
                                    The Goal of the Wise


that the Father is a lover of humanity? Or that he is persuaded by prayers? Or that he
is gracious to one on behalf of another? Or that he bears with one who seeks? For he
knows the desire and also that which the ﬂesh needs. Because it is not the ﬂesh which
yearns for the soul. For without the soul the body does not sin, just as the soul is not
saved without the Spirit. But if the soul is saved when it is without evil, and if the spirit
also is saved, then the body becomes sinless. For it is the spirit which animates the soul,
but it is the body which kills it - that is, it is the soul which kills itself. Truly I say to you,
the Father will not forgive the sin of the soul at all, nor the guilt of the ﬂesh. For none of
those who have worn the ﬂesh will be saved. For do you imagine that many have found
the Kingdom of Heaven? Blessed is the one who has seen himself as a fourth one in
Heaven.” When we heard these things, we became distressed. Now when he saw that
we were distressed, he said: “This is why I say this to you, that you may know yourselves.
For the Kingdom of Heaven is like an ear of grain which sprouted in a ﬁeld. And
when it ripened, it scattered its fruit and, in turn, ﬁlled the ﬁeld with ears of grain for
another year. You also: be zealous to reap for yourselves an ear of life, in order that you
may be ﬁlled with the Kingdom. As long as I am with you, give heed to me and obey
me. But when I am to depart from you, remember me. And remember me because I
was with you without your knowing me. Blessed are those who have known me. Woe to
those who have heard and have not believed! Blessed are those who have not seen but
have had faith! And once again I persuade you. For I am revealed to you building a
house which is very valuable to you, since you take shelter under it; in the same way it
will be able to support the house of your neighbors when theirs is in danger of falling.
In truth I say to you, woe to those on behalf of whom I was sent down to this place!
Blessed are those who are to ascend to the Father. Again I reprove you. You who are,
make yourselves like those who are not, in order that you may come to be with those who
are not. Let not the Kingdom of Heaven become desolate among you. Do not become
arrogant on account of the light which illumines. Rather, become to yourselves in this
manner, as I am to you. For I have placed myself under the curse, in order that you
may be saved.” And Peter answered to this and said: “Sometimes you urge us on to the
Kingdom of Heaven, and other times you turn us away, Lord. Sometimes you
persuade us and impel us to faith and promise us life, and other times you expel us
from the Kingdom of Heaven.” And the Lord answered and said to us: “I have given
you faith many times. Moreover, I have revealed myself to you, James, and you have
not known me. Again, now I see you rejoicing many times. And when you are elated
over the promise of life, are you nevertheless glum? And are you distressed when you are
taught about the Kingdom? But you through faith and knowledge have received life.
Therefore, scorn rejection when you hear it, but, when you hear the promise, be the
more glad. In truth I say to you, the one who will receive life and believe in the


                                               396
                                       the Lost Years of Jesus Christ


           Kingdom will never leave it - not even if the Father desires to banish him! These things
           I shall say to you for the present. But now I shall ascend to the place from which I have
           come. But you, when I was eager to go, have driven me out, and, instead of your
           accompanying me, you have pursued me. But give heed to the glory which awaits me,
           and, having opened your hearts, listen to the hymns which await me up in heaven. For
           today I am obliged to take (my place) at the right hand of my Father. Now I have said
           my last word to you. I shall part from you. For a chariot of wind has taken me up, and
           from now on I shall strip myself in order that I may clothe myself. But give heed:
           blessed are those who have preached the Son before he descended, in order that, when I
           have come, I may ascend. Thrice-blessed are those who were proclaimed by the Son
           before they came into being, in order that you may have a portion with them.” When
           he said these things, he went away. And we knelt down, I and Peter, and gave thanks,
           and sent our hearts up to heaven. We heard with our ears and saw with our eyes the
           sound of wars and a trumpet call and a great commotion. And when we passed beyond
           that place, we sent our minds up further. And we saw with our eyes and heard with our
           ears hymns and angelic praises and angelic jubilation. And heavenly majesties were
           hymning, and we ourselves were jubilant. After this, we also desired to send our spirits
           above to the Majesty. And when we ascended, we were permitted neither to see nor to
           hear anything. For the rest of the disciples called to us and questioned us: “What is it
           that you have heard from the Master?” And, “What has he said to you?” And,
           “Where has he gone?” And we answered them: “He has ascended.” And, “He has given
           us a pledge and has promised us all life and disclosed to us children who are to come
           after us, since he has bid us to love them, inasmuch as we will be saved for their sake.”
           And when they heard, they believed the revelation, but were angry about those who
           would be born. Then I, not desiring to entice them to scandal, sent each one to another
           place. But I myself went up to Jerusalem, praying that I may obtain a portion with the
           beloved who are to be revealed. And I pray that the beginning may come from you, for
           thus I can be saved. Because they will be enlightened through me, through my faith and
           through another’s which is better than mine, for I desire that mine become the lesser.
           Endeavor earnestly, therefore, to make yourself like them, and pray that you may
           obtain a portion with them. For apart from what I have recounted, the Savior did not
           disclose revelation to us. For their sake we proclaim, indeed, a portion with those for
           whom it was proclaimed, those whom the Lord has made his children.2


Indeed, ve hundred and fty days, about one year and a half after the Cruci xion, Jesus (PBUH)
had returned to take his disciples with him to the place he went, as he promised. However, the


2
    The Secret Book of James (The Apocryphon of James), The Nag Hammadi Collection


                                                         397
                                             The Goal of the Wise


disciples were too afraid of death and loved life. They thought Jesus (PBUH) spoke to them about
going with him to death, and they responded to him, telling Jesus (PBUH), we will go if we must.
Jesus (PBUH) said to them that no one goes into paradise by being commanded to.3 Jesus (PBUH)
in this discourse is visibly angry and disappointed with his disciples and their actions, reprimanding
them saying, “Many times I have told you to be saved, or to believe in me and follow me.” He calls
them unfortunates and sinners, amongst many other things. Jesus (PBUH) nally leaves his
disciples and sends them on their ways.
    The disciples afterwards all separate from one another and travel to the four corners of the Earth
preaching the Gospels. Simon Peter preached in Rome, Andrew preached to the Asiatic nations
and Greece, James remained in Jerusalem, John and Philip went to Greece, Thomas and
Bartholomew went to India, Matthew to Ethiopia and James to Egypt, Simon the Zealot to Persia,
and Jude to Syria. Judas Iscariot died by way of suicide. Those are the twelve disciples.
    However, one prominent disciple seemingly goes missing from history, Mary Magdalene. Where
did she go? The truth is that while the disciples had all but rejected going with Jesus, it was Mary
who would be the one to accompany Jesus until the end. During Jesus’ life, a Syrian king by the
name of Abgar wrote a letter to Jesus and it is as follows:


         Abgar, ruler of Edessa, to Jesus the good physician who has appeared in the country of
         Jerusalem, greeting. I have heard the reports of you and of your cures as performed by
         you without medicines or herbs. For it is said that you make the blind to see and the
         lame to walk, that you cleanse lepers and cast out impure spirits and demons, and that
         you heal those aﬄicted with lingering disease, and raise the dead. And having heard
         all these things concerning you, I have concluded that one of two things must be true:
         either you are God, and having come down from heaven you do these things, or else
         you, who does these things, are the son of God. I have therefore written to you to ask you
         if you would take the trouble to come to me and heal all the ill which I suﬀer. For I
         have heard that the Jews are murmuring against you and are plotting to injure you.
         But I have a very small yet noble city which is great enough for us both.4


Jesus (PBUH) responded back with a letter to Abgar which stated:


         Blessed are you who hast believed in me without having seen me. For it is written
         concerning me, that they who have seen me will not believe in me, and that they who
         have not seen me will believe and be saved. But in regard to what you have written me,
         that I should come to you, it is necessary for me to fulﬁll all things here for which I have

3
  Since the First Adamic Covenant, God has given the human being free will, extreme latitude, and the power of
  choice because God is Free himself and we are created in His image.
4
  Ecclesiastical History (The History of the Church), Eusebius of Caesarea


                                                         398
                                          the Lost Years of Jesus Christ


            been sent, and after I have fulﬁlled them thus to be taken up again to him that sent
            me. But after I have been taken up I will send to you one of my disciples, that he may
            heal your disease and give life to you and yours.5


King Abgar V was from Edessa, also known as Osroene. Most of the population and rulers of
Edessa during that time were of Arab origin. This was the beginning of the Arabs accepting Jesus
where the Jews rejected him. As Jesus (PBUH) had stated, he was a Prophet of God and he would
be rejected by the Jews and accepted elsewhere. In Matthew, Chapter 13, it states:


            Coming to his hometown, he began teaching the people in their synagogue, and they
            were amazed. “Where did this man get this wisdom and these miraculous powers?”
            they asked. “Isn’t this the carpenter’s son? Isn’t his mother’s name Mary, and aren’t
            his brothers James, Joseph, Simon and Judas? Aren’t all his sisters with us? Where then
            did this man get all these things?” And they took oﬀense at him. But Jesus said to them,
            “A prophet is not without honor except in his own town and in his own home.” And he
            did not do many miracles there because of their lack of faith.6


So, while Jesus (PBUH) stopped working many miracles with the Jews, due to their lack of faith, he
promises an Arab king a visitor from him who will work miracles. This represents the beginning of
the transfer of the Covenant from the Children of Israel with the Mosaic Covenant to a Jesuit
Covenant with the Arabs. Here is an account of the events which took place when the stranger
arrived to Abgar:


            After the ascension of Jesus, Judas, who was also called Thomas, sent to him Thaddeus,
            an apostle, one of the Seventy. When he had come, he lodged with Tobias, the son of
            Tobias. When the report of him got abroad, it was told Abgarus that an apostle of Jesus
            had come, as he had written him. Thaddeus began then in the power of God to heal
            every disease and inﬁrmity, insomuch that all wondered. And when Abgarus heard of
            the great and wonderful things which he did and of the cures which he performed, he
            began to suspect that he was the one of whom Jesus had written him, saying, “After I
            have been taken up I will send to you one of my disciples who will heal you.” Therefore,
            summoning Tobias, with whom Thaddeus lodged, he said, “I have heard that a
            certain man of power has come and is lodging in your house. Bring him to me.” And
            Tobias coming to Thaddeus said to him, “The ruler Abgarus summoned me and told
            me to bring you to him that you might heal him.” And Thaddeus said, “I will go, for I
            have been sent to him with power.” Tobias therefore arose early on the following day,
5
    Ecclesiastical History (The History of the Church), Eusebius of Caesarea
6
    The Holy Bible, Book of Matthew, Chapter 13, Verses 54-58


                                                             399
                                 The Goal of the Wise


and taking Thaddeus came to Abgarus. And when he came, the nobles were present
and stood about Abgarus. And immediately upon his entrance a great vision appeared
to Abgarus in the countenance of the apostle Thaddeus. When Abgarus saw it he
prostrated himself before Thaddeus, while all those who stood about were astonished;
for they did not see the vision, which appeared to Abgarus alone. He then asked
Thaddeus if he were in truth a disciple of Jesus the Son of God, who had said to him, “I
will send you one of my disciples, who shall heal you and give you life.” And Thaddeus
said, “Because you have mightily believed in him that sent me, therefore have I been
sent unto you. And still further, if you believe in him, the petitions of your heart shall
be granted you as you believe.” And Abgarus said to him, “So much have I believed in
him that I wished to take an army and destroy those Jews who cruciﬁed him, had I not
been deterred from it by reason of the dominion of the Romans.” And Thaddeus said,
“Our Lord has fulﬁlled the will of his Father, and having fulﬁlled it has been taken
up to his Father.” And Abgarus said to him, “I too have believed in him and in his
Father.” And Thaddeus said to him, “Therefore I place my hand upon you in his
name.” And when he had done it, immediately Abgarus was cured of the disease and
of the suﬀering which he had. And Abgarus marveled, that as he had heard
concerning Jesus, so he had received in very deed through his disciple Thaddeus, who
healed him without medicines and herbs, and not only him, but also Abdus the son of
Abdus, who was aﬄicted with the gout; for he too came to him and fell at his feet, and
having received a benediction by the imposition of his hands, he was healed. The same
Thaddeus cured also many other inhabitants of the city, and did wonders and
marvelous works, and preached the word of God. And afterward Abgarus said, “You,
O Thaddeus, do these things with the power of God, and we marvel. But, in addition
to these things, I pray you to inform me in regard to the coming of Jesus, how he was
born; and in regard to his power, by what power he performed those deeds of which I
have heard.” And Thaddeus said, “Now indeed will I keep silence, since I have been
sent to proclaim the word publicly. But tomorrow assemble for me all your citizens,
and I will preach in their presence and sow among them the word of God, concerning
the coming of Jesus, how he was born; and concerning his mission, for what purpose he
was sent by the Father; and concerning the power of his works, and the mysteries which
he proclaimed in the world, and by what power he did these things; and concerning his
new preaching, and his abasement and humiliation, and how he humbled himself,
and died and debased his divinity and was cruciﬁed, and descended into Hades, and
burst the bars which from eternity had not been broken, and raised the dead; for he
descended alone, but rose with many, and thus ascended to his Father.” Abgarus
therefore commanded the citizens to assemble early in the morning to hear the
preaching of Thaddeus, and afterward he ordered gold and silver to be given to him.


                                           400
                                        the Lost Years of Jesus Christ


         But he refused to take it, saying, “If we have forsaken that which was our own, how
         shall we take that which is another’s?” These things were done in the three hundred
         and fortieth year.7


Another Syrian apocryphal text titled The Acts of Mar Mari the Apostle details how Mari was a
disciple of Thaddeus, who accompanied him, and was witness to king Abgar’s healing at the hands
of Thaddeus.8 The manuscript details a second king who ruled over Arzen and who su ered from
the exact same disease that Abgar did. This time, Mari healed the king of Arzen. After converting
Abgar’s kingdom, as well as the kingdom of Arzen into believers, Thaddeus, accompanied by his
disciple Mari, carried on eastwards towards Iraq. Islamic sources and narrations from the Family of
Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) record that Jesus (PBUH) traveled to Iraq.
    Ibn Abi Yaafor narrates that he went in on Abi Abdullah (PBUH) and he had a group of his
companions with him and he said to him: “O Ibn Abi Yaafor, did you read the Qur’an?” so I said,
“Yes, this recitation.” So he said, “It is this one that I asked you about and none other than it.” So I said,
“Yes, may I be your ransom, why?” He said, “Because Moses (PBUH) spoke to his people a speech and
they could not handle it so they rebelled against him in Egypt and they fought him, and he fought
them, and he killed them. And Jesus (PBUH) spoke to his people a speech and they did not handle it
and they rebelled against him in Tikrit and so they fought him, and he fought them, and he killed
them. And it is the saying of God Almighty, ‘Then a group of the Children of Israel believed while
another disbelieved. We then supported the believers against their enemies, so they prevailed.’ And the
ﬁrst Qaim from us, the Ahlul-Bayt, will speak to you a speech that you will not handle and you will go
out against him in Rumaila Al-Daskara (Iraq) and you will ﬁght him, and he will ﬁght you, and
then he will kill you, and this will be the last time someone rebels.”9


                  Remembering What Really Happened Through the Holy Spirit


In the following dialogue between Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) and myself, I
convey how I came to vividly know the missing years of Jesus Christ’s ministry after the
Cruci xion. A ministry that proceeded from Syria to Iraq, and ultimately to Persia. The Imam
(From Him is Peace) had prophesied that I would be able to see historical events that are not well
known, hidden, or not recorded at all, with my own eyes. I narrated the following discovery to the
Imam (From Him is Peace) after the Holy Spirit descended upon me.
    I said, “My Father, may I inform you about that which I discovered?”
    The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes my son, go ahead.”


7
  Ecclesiastical History (The History of the Church), Eusebius of Caesarea
8
  The Acts of Mar Mari the Apostle, Amir Harrak (Translator & Editor)
9
  Bihar Al-Anwar, Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 52, p. 375


                                                           401
                                               The Goal of the Wise


      I said, “Mary Magdalene disappeared from history after the Cruciﬁxion even though the disciples
all traveled and preached. Mary was the closest to Jesus Christ (PBUH) and all the Gospels including
the Gnostic texts and Gospels indicate a very strong relationship between the two and Jesus would
indicate that she would always be with him.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes.”
      I said, “Jesus (PBUH) went to Iraq and married Mary Magdalene and marriage is the sunnah of
Allah (the ways of God) and all of the Prophets and Imams had married. Jesus (PBUH) married
Mary Magdalene and they had children and here is the amazing part my Father, the truly amazing
part. Jesus (PBUH) had written a letter to a king in Syria. In the letter, Jesus (PBUH) had said that he
would send to him someone in the future. From here and after the event of the Cruciﬁxion, there
appeared in the city a man who was performing miracles. They said perhaps this man was one of the
disciples of Jesus (PBUH) or one of the believers. This man was traveling alongside a person whose
name was Mary. This man met with the king and the king prostrated to him and the entire city
believed. These two names, the name of the man Thaddeus and his disciple Mari, or Mary, appear
once again in some narrations, but this time they appear accompanying a Prophet named
Mani! History is corrupted, Jesus (PBUH) married Mary Magdalene and there came from them
Mani, and Jesus taught him directly. And then Mani was cruciﬁed. The call of Jesus (PBUH) started
in Jerusalem and then moved to Syria and ended with Iraq and Persia.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “You are speaking as if you were present in all these stages
and lived it with them with all its details. You are now seeing ages and events and are living it with all
its details, O light of my eyes. You have reached a great stage. You are growing at an alarming rate, as
I had hoped you would from the very ﬁrst day that I spoke to you in it, and as I did before I even spoke
to you directly. It is the light son, the light which is beginning to shine from inside you. I am proud of
you, my son, very proud.”
      Thus, in summary, Jesus Christ took Mary Magdalene, and under the identity of Thaddeus and
Mari, Jesus and Mary travel to Syria, establishing their Covenant with the Arabs and converting
kingdoms into the new religion. They move forward with a group of their disciples to Iraq, where a
group of them rebel against Jesus (PBUH) after hearing a speech from Jesus which they nd
unbearable. Jesus lifts against them the sword and kills the rebellious party. After all, Jesus had said
previously in Matthew, Chapter 10: “Do not think that I have come to bring peace to the earth. I have
not come to bring peace, but a sword. For I have come to set a man against his father, and a daughter
against her mother, and a daughter-in-law against her mother-in-law. And a person’s enemies will be
those of his own household.”10
      Contrary to orthodox Christian belief, Jesus (PBUH) married Mary Magdalene, and she became
pregnant with a son. That son, Mani, would grow up to be taught by Jesus (PBUH) and sent forth
as a Messenger from him. Prophet Mani (PBUH) would serve as the authentic link between the


10
     The Holy Bible, Book of Matthew, Chapter 10, Verses 34-36


                                                          402
                                      the Lost Years of Jesus Christ


Jesuit and Mohammedan Covenants. Thus, this is the true story of the lost years of Jesus Christ
(PBUH).


                              On Knowing the Descendants of Jesus Christ


Mary Magdalene is one of the most mysterious characters of the Bible. She was a disciple of Jesus
(PBUH), a witness to the Cruci xion, and the rst one to witness him after his Resurrection or
return. In the Gnostic Gospels, Mary Magdalene is a woman who had outstanding spiritual
understanding and had her eyes focused on the Kingdom of the Heavens. She was also the closest
companion to Jesus (PBUH), and the manuscripts allude to an even deeper relationship between
the Master Jesus (PBUH) and his disciple.
      In the Gospel of Mary Magdalene it states: “Peter said to Mary, “Sister, we know that the Savior
loved you more than all other women. Tell us the words of the Savior that you remember, the things you
know that we don’t because we haven’t heard them.” Mary responded, “I will teach you about what is
hidden from you.” And she began to speak these words to them.”11
      Clearly, we can see here that Mary Magdalene was privileged to special knowledge from Jesus
(PBUH) that no one else was from the disciples. We also get from this text that Jesus had preferred
Mary Magdalene over all other women, and a man prefers the woman he marries over all other
women.
      The Gospel of Mary Magdalene also records the following conversation between the disciples
and Mary Magdalene:


           Peter responded, bringing up similar concerns. He questioned them about the Savior,
           “Did he, then, speak with a woman in private without our knowing about it? Are we to
           turn around and listen to her? Did he choose her over us?” Then Mary wept and said
           to Peter, “My brother Peter, what are you imagining? Do you think that I have
           thought up these things by myself in my heart or that I am telling lies about the
           Savior?” Levi answered, speaking to Peter, “Peter, you have always been a wrathful
           person. Now I see you contending against the woman like the adversaries. For if the
           Savior made her worthy, who are you then for your part to reject her? Assuredly the
           Savior’s knowledge of her is completely reliable. That is why he loved her more than us
           “Rather we should be ashamed. We should clothe ourselves with the perfect human,
           acquire it for ourselves as he commanded us, and announce the good news, not laying
           down any other rule or law that diﬀers from what the Savior said.” After [he said
           these] things, they started going out [to] teach and to preach.12


11
     The Gospel of Mary, The Nag Hammadi Scriptures, Marvin Meyer, p. 743
12
     The Gospel of Mary, The Nag Hammadi Scriptures, Marvin Meyer, pp. 744-745


                                                       403
                                           The Goal of the Wise


This conversation, having taken place after the Cruci xion shows that the disciples knew that Mary
Magdalene was Jesus’ favorite amongst them and that he had actually loved her more than the rest
of them. In the same fashion that the brothers of Joseph had envied Joseph for being Jacob’s
favorite (PBUH), the disciples of Christ had envied Mary Magdalene as well for being his favorite
(PBUH). In the Gospel of Thomas, this envy even shows during the life of Jesus (PBUH): “Simon
Peter said to them, “Mary should leave us, for females are not worthy of life.” Jesus said, “Look, I shall
guide her to make her male, so that she too may become a living spirit resembling you males. For every
female who makes herself male will enter heaven’s kingdom.”13
     Now pay attention to the fact that Jesus (PBUH) tells the disciples that he shall turn Mary
Magdalene into a male, so that she may RESEMBLE you males. This will be important at a later
time. But what made Mary Magdalene so special to Jesus, and what was the nature of her
relationship with him? Was it simply a teacher/disciple relationship or was there perhaps something
more? In the Gospel of Philip it is written: “Three women always walked with the master: Mary his
mother, [his] sister, and Mary of Magdala, who is called his companion. For “Mary” is the name of
his sister, his mother, and his companion,”14 and at a later part of the same Gospel it states: “The
companion of the [Savior] is Mary of Magdala. The [Savior loved] her more than [all] the disciples,
[and he] kissed her often on her [mouth]. The other [disciples] said to him, ‘Why do you love her more
than all of us?’ ”15
     The disciples clearly saw here that Jesus (PBUH) had a romantic relationship with Mary
Magdalene and that he had taken her as his wife for she was called his companion, and he often
kissed her on the lips. Keep in mind that the laws of Judaism, and the Fourth Covenant, prohibited
touching between unmarried men and women let alone kissing on the lips. The disciples still
wondered, however, why she was preferred over the rest of them in terms of spiritual rank with
Jesus (PBUH). In the Pistis Sophia Gospel Jesus (PBUH) states the reason: “Blessed Mary, you whom
I shall complete with all the mysteries on high, speak openly, for you are one whose heart is set on
heaven’s kingdom more than all your brothers.”16
     There are many other examples, but for the sake of time, we shall not list them all. We have
demonstrated now that Mary Magdalene had a secret relationship with Jesus (PBUH) and that he
had taken her as a wife. The rest of the disciples envied her, and her absence after the Cruci xion
makes sense for she left with Jesus (PBUH). As for the disciples, they had already let down Jesus
(PBUH) many times. At the scene of the arrest of Jesus (PBUH), no one had stood to defend Jesus
(PBUH) except for Simon Peter (PBUH). All the rest ran away. Even Simon Peter later denies
knowing Jesus (PBUH) three times. Even the Qur’an records the fact that the disciples of Jesus
(PBUH) were not always rm in faith, in Surah Al-Imran it states: “But when Jesus became conscious

13
   The Gospel of Thomas, The Nag Hammadi Scriptures, Marvin Meyer, p. 153
14
   The Gospel of Philip, The Nag Hammadi Scriptures, Marvin Meyer, p. 167
15
   The Gospel of Philip, The Nag Hammadi Scriptures, Marvin Meyer, p. 171
16
   Pistis Sophia: A Gnostic Gospel, Chapter 17


                                                     404
                                        the Lost Years of Jesus Christ


of their disbelief, he cried: Who will be my helpers in the cause of Allah? The disciples said: We will be
Allah’s helpers. We believe in Allah, and bear thou witness that we have surrendered (unto Him).”17
      Even though their faith was not always rm, and even though Jesus (PBUH) reprimanded them
a lot, he still loved them and they loved him. They grew in faith stronger after the Cruci xion and
spread the faith all over the world. Jesus (PBUH) forgave them for their shortcomings, and each of
them died a martyr for the message of Jesus (PBUH). Mary Magdalene, however, accompanied
Jesus (PBUH) during his post-cruci xion ministry. They traveled together to Syria under the guise
of Thaddeus and his disciple Mari, who was disguised as a male disciple. Jesus disguised Mary
Magdalene as a male in ful llment of what he had said previously of making her RESEMBLE
males. He did so to protect her during the travels but also in order that the people may respect her
words, for most people during those times did not consider that a woman may have spiritual
knowledge or understanding. There are other reasons, but these are two.
      Mary Magdalene had become pregnant by Jesus (PBUH) immediately before the
Cruci xion. She immediately disappeared after the Cruci xion from history so that no one would
know she was pregnant. It was in Iraq that she gave birth to the son and successor of Jesus Christ,
Prophet Mani (PBUH). It is written that Mani was born in Iraq to a woman named Mariam and a
man named Pātik. Mariam is the Arabic form of Mary or Mari.
      According to Oriental Christian tradition, there were three main disciples called Thomas, Addai
(Thaddeus) and Mari who spread the call of Prophet Mani (PBUH). In fact, the three disciples of
Mani are mentioned in many diverse traditions, which originated in various places. These three are
identi ed as Mani’s earliest disciples, who spread his message throughout the world. The travels of
Mani’s disciples Thomas, Addai, and Mari correspond to the same regions traversed by Jesus’
disciples Thomas, Thaddeus and Mari. It is therefore abundantly clear that history recorded the fact
that Mani actually lived a lot closer to the time of Jesus (PBUH) than previously thought. It is also
clear that Thaddeus or Addai and Mari or Mary accompanied Mani from his youth onwards.
      When Mani turned twelve, Jesus (PBUH) revealed himself to his son and informed him that he
was his father and began teaching Mani. Jesus (PBUH) also revealed himself to be the ‘Twin-Spirit’
of Mani, or in other words, the look-alike of Mani or in other words, Mani was the look-alike of
Jesus (PBUH). Mani was actually the look-alike who was cruci ed in place of Jesus (PBUH). He
reincarnated back into this world as the son of Jesus (PBUH). At the age of twenty-four, Mani
proclaimed himself to be a real Apostle of Jesus Christ and began his mission to go forth and preach
the real Gospel of Jesus (PBUH). Eventually, the look-alike, Mani, was arrested once more and
cruci ed in a more horrible way than before. He was skinned alive and cruci ed, with his skin being
     lled with straw and hung over the gate of the city.




17
     The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 3 (Al-Imran), Verse 52


                                                       405
                                              The Goal of the Wise


                                            The Vicegerents of Jesus


The rst vicegerent of Jesus Christ (PBUH) was Simon Peter (PBUH). By the time Simon Peter
(PBUH) was martyred, the false disciple Paul, who destroyed Christianity, writing lies in the Bible18
and corrupting its teachings, had succeeded in swaying people away from the real successors and
teachings of Jesus (PBUH). Jesus (PBUH) having established a new Covenant with the Arabs,
appointed Mani (PBUH) as his new successor. After his death, Mani’s followers named the religion
that Mani preached Manichaeism, just as the followers of Christ called the religion of Jesus
Christianity, and the followers of Zoroaster called the religion of Zoroaster Zoroastrianism. Just as
the case is with most religions, shortly after its launch, Iblis and the hypocrites within the religion,
manage to divert people away from the true successor and corrupt the teachings of the religion, just
as Abu Bakr and Omar did with Islam, stealing it from the true successor Ali ibn Abi Talib (From
Him is Peace). As such did happen with the Manichean religion. However, the true successors of
Mani (PBUH) and Jesus (PBUH), although oppressed, continued to spread the true teachings of
Monotheism.
     Christianity was illegal throughout the Roman Empire; they persecuted Christians, not just in
Rome but all over the world. The disciples were all martyred, and their followers were persecuted,
killed, and tortured. That is, until the year 313 A.D. when the Roman Emperor Constantine
decided to make Christianity the o cial religion of the Empire. Constantine was not a true believer
and wanted to use the religion of Christianity to legitimize his authority. In 325 A.D., he held the
Council of Nicaea where he sought to unify Christianity and settle any di erences in schools of
thought so that he could have total control of the religion.


                                        Arius: A Vicegerent of Christ


Arius (PBUH) was a Cyrenaic man who preached a doctrine that became the primary topic of
discussion at the council of Nicaea. He taught that Jesus (PBUH) was a creation of God and that
since Jesus (PBUH) was created by the Father, there must have been a time where Jesus (PBUH)
was not, and therefore he is a creation and not equal to the Father God. The opponents of Arius
argued that Jesus (PBUH) and God were one and the same, therefore elevating Jesus (PBUH) from
the status of a Prophet to that of equal to God. Arius (PBUH) considered this to be a great heresy.
Arius (PBUH) quoted verses from the scripture such as “The Father is greater than I”19 and “The
ﬁrstborn of all creation”20 to prove that Jesus was a creature created and not the Almighty God.
Arius (PBUH) believed and taught that God was greater than Jesus (PBUH), and that Jesus

18
   Paul was not one of the original twelve disciples of Jesus (PBUH) and he never met him once during his lifetime.
   Despite this, out of the 27 books of the New Testament, over a dozen were written by Paul alone.
19
   The Holy Bible, Book of John, Chapter 14, Verse 28
20
   The Holy Bible, Book of Colossians, Chapter 1, Verse 15


                                                          406
                                          the Lost Years of Jesus Christ


(PBUH) was under God, and not co-equal or co-eternal with Him. Arius (PBUH) was a true
monotheist and was one of the true vicegerents of Jesus (PBUH).
      A great debate took place during the council of Nicaea and the Emperor Constantine stood on
the side of those who were against Arius (PBUH). He issued the following verdict against Arius and
his followers:


            In addition, if any writing composed by Arius should be found, it should be handed
            over to the ﬂames, so that not only will the wickedness of his teaching be obliterated, but
            nothing will be left even to remind anyone of him. And I hereby make a public order,
            that if someone should be discovered to have hidden a writing composed by Arius, and
            not to have immediately brought it forward and destroyed it by ﬁre, his penalty shall
            be death. As soon as he is discovered in this oﬀense, he shall be submitted for capital
            punishment....”21


Arius (PBUH) was exiled, and the Romans burned all of his writings. He was eventually poisoned
and killed.


                                             True Popes vs. False Popes


The truest form of Christianity which exists is Catholicism. Catholicism was the rst and most
original form of Christianity established o cially. That is because other forms of Christianity that
came later preach that anyone can understand and interpret scripture, and this has allowed
corruptions, distortions, and many forms and sects of Christianity to be born. Protestant
Christianity believes that all a Christian needs can be found in the Bible. This is the same ideology
of Omar ibn Al-Khattab who at the deathbed of Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family)
rejected that the Prophet name his vicegerents, and said instead, “The Book of Allah is enough for
us”22 thus giving birth to Sunni Islam. Catholic Christianity believes in the concept of an infallible
guide or vicegerent, like in Shia Islam, who is given the keys to the heavens and the earth as Simon
Peter was, and authority to interpret scripture and establish laws and rule.
      The problem with both the o cial state-sanctioned forms of Catholicism and Shiism is that
both religions got in ltrated and have appointed vicegerents that are not infallible and not from
21
     Tried by Fire: The Story of Christianity’s First Thousand Years, Bennett, p. 126
22
     Ibn ‘Abbas narrated: “When Allah’s Apostle was on his deathbed and in the house there were some people among
     whom was Umar bin Al-Khattab, the Prophet said, ‘Come, let me write for you a statement after which you will not
     go astray.’ Umar said, ‘The Prophet (PBUH) is seriously ill and you have the Qur’an; so the Book of Allah is enough
     for us.’ The people present in the house di ered and quarreled. Some said, ‘Go near so that the Prophet may write for
     you a statement after which you will not go astray,’ while the others said as Umar said. When they caused a hue and
     cry before the Prophet, Allah’s Apostle said, ‘Go away!’ ” ‘Ubaidullah said: “Ibn ‘Abbas used to say, ‘It was very
     unfortunate that Allah’s Apostle was prevented from writing that statement for them because of their disagreement
     and noise.’ ” - Sahih Al-Bukhari, Al-Bukhari, Book of Patients, Hadith No. 5669


                                                            407
                                               The Goal of the Wise


God but from Satan himself. As we saw, the Catholic Church denied Arius (PBUH) and instead
appointed false Popes who taught heresies. As such, the Shiite institutions appointed false Marjas
and Imams such as Khomeini and Sistani to lead them and introduced the heretical doctrines of
Taqleed (imitation of scholars) and Wilayat Al-Faqih (the rule of the jurisprudent)23 thus leading
most of the people astray. The hypocrisy is clear within Shiite Islam. They are ne with appointing
additional Imams and giving them absolute religious and worldly authority, but they deny the Will
of Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) and deny the authority of the Mahdis, claiming
there are no Imams after the twelve Imams (From Them is Peace).
      The truth is that the line of vicegerents from Jesus (PBUH) and Mani (PBUH) went to Arius
(PBUH) and from Arius (PBUH) to Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) and to the Mahdis
(PBUT). The true vicegerent of Jesus Christ (PBUH) and the true Pope, the hidden Pope, is
Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace). The young Pope to follow him is his successor and
vicegerent, Aba Al-Sadiq Abdullah Hashem who is the reincarnation of Mani (PBUH) son of Jesus
Christ (PBUH), who is mentioned by name in the Will of the Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His
Family) as one of his successors.




23
     Islamic Government: Governance of the Jurist (Velayat-e Faqeeh), Ruhollah Khomeini


                                                           408
                                     Door Number Thirty-Two


          The Antichrist Dajjal and Baphomet




      “No Prophet was sent but that he warned his followers against
                    the one-eyed liar (Al-Dajjal).”1




1
    Al-Dajjāl or Al-Masih Al-Dajjal is an Arabic term that refers to a false Messianic, or Antichrist gure who will
    come at the end of time. It literally means one who deceives.
                                           The Goal of the Wise


                    he United States of America is, for many, the greatest military, economic, social,
                    and cultural superpower the world has ever known. But how many really know its
                    origin and its role in God’s plan? The Prince of the Believers Imam Ali (From
                    Him is Peace) says:


        And the lands of the Amarik (America) will be in complete strife, after blessings and
        honor were bestowed upon them, and the world has granted them streams of its grace.
        Iblis (the devil) lives comfortably in its cities and streets, he has divided it up and
        violated its honor. And the religion of Iblis appears amongst them. Lusts, arrogance,
        and the thirst for the mirage of material life takes hold. So they become immersed in
        abundance and take pride in their knowledge. Their aﬀairs have been settled under
        an evil tyrant.2


The United States of America is a country that was founded by the Freemasons.3 The founding
fathers based the U.S. constitution on the Roman republic’s laws and tried to improve them. The
founding fathers named themselves after Roman models, George Washington called himself Cato,
while John Adams and Thomas Je erson called themselves Cicero, and Alexander Hamilton called
himself Caesar. The American government is set up to mimic the ancient Roman government with
its executive, judicial and legislative branches. The architecture of the Capitol, White House,
Supreme Court, and other government buildings was based on Roman architecture. Even the
Roman Eagle became the great seal and emblem of the republic. The United States of America was
designed to be a resurrection of the Roman empire.4
    Since the beginning of written human history, ancient civilizations have taken a national God.
The national God would be a guardian being whose role was to protect and safeguard the people
devoted to it. For example, the ancient Egyptians took Osiris and Horus, while the Phoenicians
worshiped Baal. The Babylonians worshiped Marduk, while the Trojans worshiped Apollo. The
founding fathers of the United States of America have also taken a national God for America. For
this reason, the statement “IN GOD WE TRUST” is written on all U.S. currencies (Figure 1).




2
  What Imam Ali said concerning the End Times, Al-Sayed Ali Ashoor, p. 386
3
  The Secret Founding of America, Nicholas Hagger
4
  First Principles: What America’s Founders Learned from the Greeks and Romans and How That Shaped Our
  Country, Thomas E. Ricks


                                                      410
                            The Antichrist Dajjal and Baphomet


Figure 1: “IN GOD WE TRUST”




Most Americans and non-Americans for that matter assume the God being referred to here is either
The God of All or the Christian God, Jesus Christ (PBUH). But the God which the Freemason
founding fathers worshiped was the one-eyed god, Iblis.
   If you take the Great Seal of the United States, you will nd on one side, the eye of providence
with the words Annuit Coeptis and Novus Ordo Seclorum written in the Roman Empire’s o cial
language, Latin. Annuit Coeptis translates to “Providence has favored our undertakings” and Novus
Ordo Seclorum translates to “New Order of the Ages (is born).” Providence means God. So, in
essence, what the seal states is “The Eye of God favors our undertakings to establish a new world
order for the ages.” If you draw a six-pointed star in the seal, you will nd that every point of the
star points to a letter that together spells the word, “MASON” (Figure 2).


Figure 2: Hexagram Spells ‘MASON’ & All-Seeing Eye




                                                411
                                       The Goal of the Wise


                                      The Statue of Liberty


The Statue of Liberty is a statue made by the Freemasons and it symbolizes Lucifer, the light bearer,
or Iblis. It is designed to look like the sun god Apollo who is the “light” of the world according to
the Romans. Apollo was a Roman god whose Greek equivalent was Helios (Figure 3).


Figure 3: Apollo in His Chariot




Apollo and Helios were sometimes represented as an eye. As you can see, Apollo is clearly associated
with the all-seeing eye (Figure 4).


Figure 4: Apollo in a Freemason Temple




                                                412
                                    The Antichrist Dajjal and Baphomet


We also notice that the Statue of Liberty is clearly a depiction of Apollo (Figure 5):


Figure 5: Statue of Apollo and Statue of Liberty




      One day I said to Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “The Antichrist Dajjal in the
Bible is called Apollyon and Abaddon. ‘They had as king over them the angel of the Abyss, whose name
in Hebrew is Abaddon and in Greek is Apollyon (that is, Destroyer).’ ”5
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes.”
      I said, “In Greek, the name Apollyon is the god Apollo, right? That is what is known, and the god
Apollo resembles completely the Statue of Liberty.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, that is what is known as you said.”


                                 The Antichrist is a State, Not an Individual


Prophet Daniel (PBUH) warned of the Antichrist in the Old Testament. He had a vision in which
he saw four kingdoms to come. Daniel (PBUH) said: “After that, in my vision at night I looked, and
there before me was a fourth beast—terrifying and frightening and very powerful. It had large

5
    The Holy Bible, Book of Revelation, Chapter 9, Verse 11


                                                              413
                                            The Goal of the Wise


iron teeth; it crushed and devoured its victims and trampled underfoot whatever was left. It was
diﬀerent from all the former beasts, and it had ten horns.”6 He also said: “He gave me this
explanation: ‘The fourth beast is a fourth kingdom that will appear on earth. It will be diﬀerent from
all the other kingdoms and will devour the whole earth, trampling it down and crushing it.’ ”7
    This iron beast which tramples all the nations on the Earth is America, who in such a short time
was able to achieve world dominance. That nal kingdom is America.
    Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) said: “The Dajjal comes to the mountain of Sinam
and bewitches the people and brings with him a mountain of ﬁre and a mountain of food.” America
entered Iraq from Kuwait, from the direction of the mountain of Sinam that is present in Safwan.
The mountain of re is the military machine that America has, and the mountain of food is its giant
economy. America is the Antichrist because it claims to represent Jesus Christ (PBUH) even though
its ideals, actions, motives, and culture are all opposite to Jesus (PBUH) and against everything that
he taught.
    One day I said to Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “Is the Antichrist also a human
being or is it just America?”
    The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The Antichrist is America, but America is run by
individuals. When we say America, we are not talking about the land, but we are talking about the
policies and those who are running it.”
    It is clear that when the Imam (From Him is Peace) is speaking about America being the
Antichrist, he is not talking about the American people or the American land, but rather he is
speaking about the shadow government, the Illuminati. They are the ones who worship Iblis and
take him as a god and not the general American population.


                                                The Illuminati


    I said, “Adam Weishaupt who founded the Illuminati in 1776, I had read that it was him who
actually took the persona of George Washington. Weishaupt disappeared from Germany the same year
that America was founded. Weishaupt is a German word that means whitehead. For that reason the
United States took the bald eagle (which has a white head) as a symbol for him, and they say that it is
actually the face of Adam Weishaupt on the U.S. Dollar. Did Weishaupt have anything to do with the
formation of America?”8
    The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Without a doubt my son, that is true, he is one of the arms
of Iblis (God’s curse is upon him).”


6
  The Holy Bible, Book of Daniel, Chapter 7, Verse 7
7
  The Holy Bible, Book of Daniel, Chapter 7, Verse 23
8
  Two Letters from Adam Weishaupt, Founder of the Order of the Illuminati (1776), published in: German History
  Intersections
  https://www.germanhistory-intersections.org/en/knowledge-and-education/ghis:document-190


                                                       414
                                     The Antichrist Dajjal and Baphomet


      I said, “So he was the ﬁrst American president, and he changed his name to George Washington.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes.”


Figure 6: Adam Weishaupt is George Washington




                                                      The One Eye


The United States of America has associated itself with the one eye. From the back of the dollar to
brand logos to magazine covers to television programming, the all-seeing eye is found everywhere in
everything American. American artists and advertisements always seem to give a nod to the eye. In
2008, I worked on the series, the Arrivals, which ended up taking the world by storm.9 It captivated
the minds of millions of people worldwide as it awakened them to the fact that the Antichrist Dajjal
is here. I will place here some examples of celebrities, magazine covers, and advertisements all
signaling the one eye.




9
    The Arrivals series explores the revelations in world religions regarding the arrival of the Antichrist Dajjal, Imam
    Mahdi, and the second coming of Christ. A work inspired by Hashems lms (Abdullah Hashem) and of course the
    words of the Noble Qur’an, the Holy Bible, and the Torah. The Arrivals is a Joint Production by Noreagaaa and
    Achernahr. https://topdocumentary lms.com/arrivals/


                                                             415
                                      The Goal of the Wise


Figure 7: Celebrities Signaling ‘The One Eye’




Figure 8: Movies Signaling ‘The One Eye’




                                                416
                           The Antichrist Dajjal and Baphomet


Figure 9: Magazines Signaling ‘The One Eye’




                                              417
                                        The Goal of the Wise


Figure 10: Jesus and ‘The One Eye’




It is impossible that all these celebrities, magazines, lms and photographers include the one-eye
symbolism by coincidence. In fact, Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) has said: “There is
no such thing as coincidence.” The reoccurrence of the one-eye symbolism is proof of a giant
conspiracy that has power and in uence across all aspects of American society. It is proof of a secret
society that worships the one-eyed savior, not Jesus Christ, but the Antichrist. They place the
symbol of the one eye as an act of worship of their god just as the Muslims would raise the name of
Allah or the Christians wear a cross.


                                 Exposing Evil and Mind Control


Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said, “The Arrivals series that you made was a very
great series. My son, in short, expose all falsehoods and be fair and truthful. Don’t just focus on
exposing Sistani alone, focus on everyone. All those who call themselves Marjas (religious scholars of
emulation in Shia Islam), most of them are false, Shirazi, Sistani, Bashir Al-Najaﬁ the Pakistani, the
one who calls himself Al-Hakim, and other than them, expose these bloody militias, everything that is
evil.”


The Imam (From Him is Peace) continues to talk about exposing evil and corruption under every
other religious and non-religious banner:


         Expose the Christians and Jews, the Sikhs, the Hindus, the Yazidis, the lying atheists,
         everyone. Expose the governments, the tradesmen of religion who play with the minds
         of the people and deceive them. Expose how they take money from the people in the


                                                  418
                                    The Antichrist Dajjal and Baphomet


            name of religion unjustly, Khums (religious 1/5 tax) and the falsehood of it. Falsehood
            is much. As for America, I shall tell you something, almost anything that someone can
            imagine about America (its power structure and system) is true, because America is
            pure evil, they are cursed, disbelieving criminals, oppressors, they are scum and ﬁlth.
            Expose the Arabs, and the Jews, and the conspiracies concerning the matter of
            Jerusalem. Talk about how Egypt betrayed Iraq when it wanted to free Palestine.
            Expose the impure family of Saud, and Qatar and Bahrain and the conspiracies that
            they took part in, in secret and in open, against the Muslims and the Arabs. Expose
            everything and burn them in your ﬁre my son, do not leave anything.


      I said, “I have a very powerful documentary about the mind control programs that the U.S.
government did in order to control human beings, and I have many testimonial videos of the victims
and the demonic rituals that they would perform. I also have several documentaries about devil
worshipers in high-level positions within the government. They would participate in the rape and
dismemberment of human corpses and the drinking of the blood of children and other disturbing
matters. They even carved the face of a devil on the vagina of one of the victims who survived, her name
is Cathy O’Brien10. There are even videos of Bill Clinton admitting that there were mind control
programs and experiments that took place, as well as admissions by senior FBI staﬀ that there does, in
fact, exist a Satanic cult in the high levels of government.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes son, may God curse them.”
      I said, “My Father, did you see the clip of Bill Clinton? He is mind controlled, isn’t he?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, that is correct.”
      I said, “In the Arab world, is it like that as well? (That all the Arab heads of state are under mind
control).”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “In the Arab world, mind control is not needed. They are
agents and traitors and sellouts for free.”
      I said, “My Father, the Egyptian actress Etemad Khorshid who was married to the former
Egyptian Intelligence Chief Oﬃcer Salah Nasr wrote a book11 about how most Arab actresses are under
mind control and are used for spying and as sex slaves for the royal families, may God curse them.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, that is correct.”
      I said, “This is a very important topic.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, it is, my son.”
      I said, “My Father, how is this done? Is it done through torture or magic or how?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “No son, they ﬁlm them in inappropriate conditions and
blackmail them and they also bribe them through money. And in exchange for their services, they get


10
     Trance Formation of America, Cathy O’Brien
11
     A Witness to the Deviations of Salah Nasr, Etemad Khorshid


                                                          419
                                              The Goal of the Wise


what they want for themselves and their families from the governments and their matters are eased.
So, they receive prestige, but it is false prestige.”
      I said, “But this is diﬀerent from the American type of mind control in which the victim is unaware
they are being controlled and even their memories are erased.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, it is diﬀerent.”


                       The European Organization for Nuclear Research (CERN)


CERN is the European Organization for Nuclear Research and operates the largest particle physics
laboratory in the world. It is the site of the Large Hadron Collider (LHC). Its stated purpose is to
     nd answers to the origin of our universe, in search of the Higgs boson particle and eld, or what
has been popularly dubbed ‘the God particle.’ In 2004, CERN unveiled ‘an unusual landmark’,
which was a statue of Lord Shiva.12 In 2016, the Gotthard tunnel opening ceremony was lled with
strange rituals, and left many people wondering, what does this have to do with science?13
      I asked Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “Did you see the opening ceremony? The
leaders of many countries attended.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) replied, “No, what about it?”
      I said, “The opening ceremony was very satanic and had images of people being enslaved and
portals opening for devils.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Of course it did because their Lord is there.”
      I said, “What is the purpose of CERN? Is it to open a particular portal for devils or creatures?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The purpose of this place is to relocate some of their symbols
to that place and broaden new horizons and expand their satanic religion. I shall give you an example,
they opened up CERN in the same way that someone opens a new masjid or worship center.”
      I said, “But is it really used for scientiﬁc research concerning atoms and particles or is it for
something else?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) replied, “Yes, the place in appearance resembles an atomic plant or
the likes of it but in reality, they are attempting to communicate with new creatures other than the
types that they know already and more powerful than what they know.”
      I said, “Extraterrestrials or extra-dimensional entities like jinn?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Extraterrestrial. America, God curse it, has reached such
things that the human being cannot even imagine. It has crossed all boundaries.”
      I said, “These creatures they are trying to communicate with, are they evil? Do they want to obtain
knowledge from it?”

12
     Lord Shiva Statue Unveiled, CERN Bulletin Issue 27/2004, https://cds.cern.ch/record/745737?ln=en
13
     Switzerland Tunnel: The Oddest Moments of the Opening Ceremony, BBC, June 1, 2016
     https://www.bbc.com/news/in-pictures-36428799



                                                         420
                              The Antichrist Dajjal and Baphomet


   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Without a doubt, they are evil, ﬁlthy and satanic.”
   I said, “But they are not Gog and Magog, right? Because George Bush Senior’s name in Skull and
Bones is Magog.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) replied, “He is proud of that name.”
   I showed the Imam (From Him is Peace) the famous video of George Bush Senior’s eyes
shapeshifting and I said, “In this video, the eyes of George Bush are shapeshifting into the eyes of a
snake or a cat. Does this mean that he is possessed by a jinn or that he is a shapeshifting
extraterrestrial?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, he is under control.”
   I said, “Almost all of the U.S. presidents are blood-related and are all related to Adam Weishaupt
as well as some European royalty.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The extraterrestrials control them from their own planet.
The type that controls them is called Shfar.”
   I said, “What do they look like, my Father?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “They look like this (Figure 11). Look at its eyes and how they
resemble the eyes of Bush when they changed.”


Figure 11: Image Resembling Shfar




   I said, “Yes exactly. I seek refuge with God from that. He looks extremely ﬁlthy, from what planet is
this creature?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Do you know the meaning of Evidon? The name of the
planet is Evidon.”
   I said, “So, they possess him while controlling him?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “No, it’s control from afar, remote control.”
   I said, “Glory be to God! So, this Rise and battle is a cosmic one?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes.”




                                                   421
                                                 The Goal of the Wise


                                        Baphomet: The Anti-Mohammed


      I said, “I wanted to ask you an important question, my Father.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes.”
      I said, “They always worship Baphomet; some people say that the origin of the word goes back to
Mahomet, which is how the French would pronounce Mohammed.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Unfortunately.”
      I said, “So is it Mohammed? And look at this Father, how the statue of George Washington is posed
in the same way as Baphomet.”


Figure 12: Baphomet and the Statue of George Washington




      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, it is the same pose.”
      I asked the Imam (From Him is Peace), “Is the Illuminati worshiping Mohammed because they
consider him to be a devil or what?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “No son, they are creating an Anti-Mohammed (PBUH &
His Family).”
      I said, “May God curse them. So, they know he is the truth, and they ﬁght him?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, they know him more than they know their own selves.”
      I said, “There is this story that I read that the father of modern Satanism, Aleister Crowley, is the
(biological) father of Barbara Bush, the wife of George Bush Sr. There was an article that had claimed
that this magician had a sexual aﬀair with the mother of Barbara Bush (Pauline Pierce).14 I wanted to
ask you about this matter, is it true? The resemblance is uncanny.”



14
     The original source for this story was Aleister Crowley’s own diary & his descriptions of initiation rites that took
     place in Paris, France in the home of Frank and Nellie O’Hara, who was visited by her American friend Pauline Pierce,
     the mother of Barbara Bush. Pauline gave birth to Barbara eight months after her trip (June 8, 1925).


                                                            422
                                  The Antichrist Dajjal and Baphomet


Figure 13: Barbara Bush & Aleister Crowley




      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, it is a true story.”
      I said, “Wow! God is Great. Was he Iblis in one of his incarnations, or what is the reality of this
man that is praised by so many American artists?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said: “This cursed one is one of the biggest helpers of Iblis.”
      I said, “God’s curse be upon him. Is he a devil like Sharsharan?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, his name is Sefolaq.”
      I said, “My Father, there is this woman who brings forth a doll and sprays on the wall period blood
and sperm and dog milk and calls it art. Her name is Marina Abramović.15 She is very famous and
meets with famous artists and hosts parties that she calls ‘Spirit cooking.’ ”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “These rituals that she performs are rituals for sexual unions
between demons and humans.”
      I said, “God is Great! You mean that it is in order that demons come into the body of the man and
then he has intercourse with the woman and vice versa?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Precisely, both of them.”
      I said, “And what is behind these rituals of placing dolls of women and children with their heads
cut oﬀ?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, these are satanic rituals, their purpose is to draw closer
to Iblis and gain intercession and enforcement from him.”
      I said, “So these extraterrestrials that are controlling these people, are they worshiping Iblis too, or is
Iblis working from one end and those from another? The goal of the evil extraterrestrials is to control
the planet, right? So, they and Iblis have the same goal?”



15
     Benjamin Lee, Marina Abramović Mention in Podesta Emails Sparks Accusations of Satanism, The Guardian,
     November 4, 2016
     https://amp.theguardian.com/artanddesign/2016/nov/04/marina-abramovic-podesta-clinton-emails-satanism-accusa
     tions


                                                        423
                                                The Goal of the Wise


      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “There is a diﬀerence between them, son, but their goal is the
same.”
                                                    America First


      I said, “My Father, the brothers ﬁlmed an interview with a former military oﬃcer in the U.S.
government16 and he spoke about ISIS and how it was made by America and Israel.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes.”
      I said, “My Father, was 9/11 an inside job?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, Israel and America are the ones who did that. And why
did they do that?”
      I said, “In order to ﬁght Imam Mahdi (PBUH)?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, and also for money and for the wealth and treasures
that are present in those countries and to exact revenge against the people of those countries, because they
are their enemies.”
      I said, “America doesn’t care about anything but its own interests.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “America cares about no one but itself. It is also responsible
for Brexit in order to weaken the European Union and it is the one who created the refugee crisis in
order to destroy the European Union, which it sees as a competitor to it.”


                                                   Satan’s Ideology


Satan’s ideology, which must die, is ‘Me rst.’ Sel shness, self-centeredness, focusing on the I, the
ego, and its needs, not caring about anyone else but one’s own self. That is the ideology of Iblis, and
it is re ected in America in many ways. Everything in America is focused on highlighting the self
and individualism and looking out for one’s own interests above all. ‘Me First’ is the ideology which
can be seen in the U.S. nancial system, Capitalism, where an individual is free to make as much
money as he wants even if everyone else su ers because of it. While in the apparent it seems fair and
just and free, Iblis has only promoted these ideals because in it is the destruction of humanity.
When individuals are too worried about their own interests, they can never come together for the
greater good of humanity, and they can never be like God. Individuality and self-centeredness create
di erences and di erences are not a good thing because it is the opposite of unity. Satan wants to
ensure humanity is never united. Let us examine what are some of the accomplishments of the
American way.




16
     Joel M. Skousen is an American conservative political commentator and non- ction Survivalist author who served as
     a USMC ghter pilot during the Vietnam Era.


                                                           424
The Antichrist Dajjal and Baphomet


 Wealth Disparity Across the Globe




               425
The Goal of the Wise




        426
                                The Antichrist Dajjal and Baphomet




In the meantime, according to the United Nations, 25,000 die every single day from starvation,
10,000 of them are children.17 854 million people worldwide are estimated to be malnourished and
high food prices drive another 100 million into poverty and hunger. 1.2 billion people are
considered to be very poor and extremely vulnerable to rising food prices. Is it not a criminal act to
be able to save a person’s life and yet not do so and instead watch them die? If a person was walking
down the street and saw a child dying on the side of the road because they had no food or water,
and walked away leaving them to die, would they not be prosecuted? What is the di erence here?
How can a system which allows three individuals to own as much wealth as 50 percent of a
population of people be a good system, or a divine system, or a system which Jesus Christ (PBUH)
would approve of? In fact, the system is the opposite of all Christian ideals and all that which is
good.
     According to the United Nations, 2 billion people around the globe or one third of the
population are smallholder farmers and their families and the majority of smallholder farmers and
landless farm workers live on less than $2 a day. Warren Bu et, Bill Gates and Je Bezos could feed a
third of the world for 75 days at $2 a day. That is 1,875,000 lives (25,000 lives per day) that would
be saved in those 75 days. However, they choose instead to keep that money in their bank accounts.
The top ten billionaires who have a combined total wealth of $1,500 billion could feed one third of
the planet at $2 a day for 375 days. That would save 9,375,000 lives during that time period. Lives

17
  John Holmes, Losing 25,000 to Hunger Every Day, The UN Chronicle,
https://www.un.org/en/chronicle/article/losing-25000-hunger-every-day


                                                      427
                                       The Goal of the Wise


that could work and contribute to making the world a better, more sustainable place. But, dollars
are worth more than lives in a world that follows Iblis’ ideology. An ideology that puts its own
self-interests above the interests of humanity. Ten sel sh people should live extravagantly instead of
ten million living at all!


                             Global Food Losses and Corporate Waste




Corporate greed is responsible for a lot of food waste in the world. To think that even if those top
ten billionaires in the world, only ten people for God’s sake, did not give a single penny, there would
still be enough food on the planet to prevent a single person from starving, is a sickening idea. But


                                                 428
                             The Antichrist Dajjal and Baphomet


where is this food and where does it go? Supermarkets and businesses choose to destroy their food
and throw it away when it comes close to expiring instead of giving it to the poor because they want
to write it o on their taxes. If they gave it away to poor people, they would not be able to write it
o and that would cost them more. So instead of losing pro ts, the billionaires who own these
supermarkets and food chains decide to throw away the food and let the starving starve. Are these
the ideals of a good God or a nation built on Christian values? If Jesus (PBUH) were alive today,
would he approve of this abomination? A nation whose God is money and is blind-eyed to the poor
and yet claims to be representing Jesus Christ (PBUH) is nothing but an Antichrist.


                                      Wars and More Wars




                                                429
                                            The Goal of the Wise




Every year the top ten military spenders in the world spend almost $1,500 billion on their militaries
and weapons that are in turn used to destroy the lives of billions of poor people around the world.
If the world lived in peace and harmony for one year, and instead of spending that money on
weapons and militaries, spent it on feeding the poor, we could once again feed every single hungry
person and save almost 10 million lives. But the state of Iblis and the ideology of Satan prefers death
for humanity over life. Jesus (PBUH) gave his life in order that people may live, and the country
that claims to represent Jesus’ ideals continuously does the opposite of everything that Jesus
preached. The great tragedy is also in the fact that all of the churches and non-working scholars of
all the di erent religions remain silent.


                                     The Solution for Humanity


        A certain ruler asked him, “Good teacher, what must I do to inherit eternal
        life?” “Why do you call me good?” Jesus answered. “No one is good—except God alone.
        You know the commandments: ‘You shall not commit adultery, you shall not murder,
        you shall not steal, you shall not give false testimony, honor your father and mother.’ ”
        “All these I have kept since I was a boy,” he said. When Jesus heard this, he said to
        him, “You still lack one thing. Sell everything you have and give to the poor, and you
        will have treasure in heaven. Then come, follow me.” When he heard this, he became
        very sad, because he was very wealthy. Jesus looked at him and said, “How hard it is for




                                                    430
                               The Antichrist Dajjal and Baphomet


         the rich to enter the kingdom of God! Indeed, it is easier for a camel to go through the
         eye of a needle than for someone who is rich to enter the kingdom of God.”18


We know that it is impossible for a camel to go through the eye of a needle, therefore it is impossible
for a rich man to enter heaven and it also means that a rich man cannot be a follower of Jesus
(PBUH). Why is that the case? Imam Ali (From Him is Peace) said: “Allah ordained that the
livelihood of the poor is in the wealth of the rich. Whenever a poor man is hungry it is because of what
a rich man has enjoyed; and Allah will question them about it.”19
     The Holy Qur’an states: “And in their wealth there was a rightful share ˹fulﬁlled˺ for the beggar
and the poor.”20 It is clear then that God only gives us what we need. Anytime we are sustained
beyond our needs, it is actually the sustenance of someone else. Poverty exists because the rich are
stealing the sustenance of the poor. God intended that all mankind be equal. In fact, those that save
riches instead of giving it to the poor, are warned in the Holy Qur’an: “And those who hoard gold
and silver and spend it not in the way of Allah - give them tidings of a painful punishment.”21
     The solution for humanity lies in the redistribution of wealth amongst all mankind. All of the
excessive wealth of the rich should be con scated and redistributed. The people who would object
to this matter and prefer that tens of millions of people die every year and su er in order that a small
select group of elites live a life of luxury, are enemies to mankind and should be arrested and
prosecuted for being accomplices to murder and mass genocide. The ones who claim that this
matter would be undemocratic should hold a worldwide referendum where all mankind could vote
on whether they agree to a redistribution of wealth or whether they prefer that everyone keeps what
they have. I think the overwhelming majority will vote for redistribution. The so-called rabbis,
priests, shaikhs and imams of every religion should also be forbidden from ever preaching in the
name of the Prophets and Messengers if they disagree with this proposal. They should be arrested
and prosecuted as well, as traitors to humanity. The Prophets and Messengers are innocent of them
and they are enemies of God.


                                A Savior From the House of Pharaoh


Just as God made it so that the Savior of the Israelites, Moses (PBUH), be raised in the palace of
Pharaoh, God in this day and age deemed it that the Riser/Qaim of the Family of Mohammed
(From Him is Peace) come forth from the palace of Iblis, America. Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From
Him is Peace) was sent forth amongst the people of Iraq, and he tried to guide them to the truth,
but they disbelieved in him, fought him, and tried to kill him. Instead of supporting Al-Hussein

18
   The Holy Bible, Book of Luke, Chapter 18, Verses 18-25
19
   Mizan Al-Hikmah (Scale of Wisdom), Mohammed Al-Reyshahri, Vol. 3, p. 2308
20
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 51 (Al-Dhariyat), Verse 19
21
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 9 (Al-Taubah), Verse 34


                                                    431
                                          The Goal of the Wise


(From Him is Peace) whom they have wept over for years, they built a multibillion-dollar industry
pro ting from the tragedy of Karbala. They abandoned the Prince of the Believers (From Him is
Peace) on the anniversary of Ghadir Khum and held elections in its place, adopting the American
so-called democratic form of rulership. They abandoned and disbelieved in the Supremacy of God.
They told Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) that their savior was America, and that they did
not need a son of Fatimah (From Her is Peace). As a result, God sent them the successor of Imam
Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), from America and as an American speaking English.
Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said that America is the only country on the planet
that never had a Prophet or Messenger sent to it. The Qaim/Riser of the Family of Mohammed
(From Him is Peace) is the rst divinely appointed successor to come from America.
   My American heritage stretches a long time, over four hundred years. My own family history on
my mother’s side goes back to the founding of America. I grew up with oral traditions that my
great-grandfather bought Ellis Island for a very cheap price from Native Americans and held onto it
for a short period of time. It is interesting to note that Ellis Island is the island that the Statue of
Liberty now sits on, and the Statue of Liberty was initially titled ‘Egypt Carrying the Light to Asia’
and was to be positioned in the middle of the Suez Canal before being given to America.
   There are good things about America, for out of America came the Riser of the Family of
Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) and America was the rst country to allow the registration of
our religion and allowed us to freely practice it, and the American people, for the most part, are a
good people. In fact, Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan’s (From Him is Peace) views on the American people
are quite favorable. One day I was speaking to the Imam (From Him is Peace) about the expansion
of the religion.
   I said, “Have you ever been to America?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Why the question, my son?”
   I said, “I was just curious to know where you have been.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “I have traveled all across Europe, the Gulf countries, Egypt,
Russia….”
   I said, “Russia?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes.”
   I said, “What was your opinion about it?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The people or the land?”
   I said, “Both.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The people are not very good, the land is great.”
   I said, “And America? Have you been?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, I have been.”
   I said, “What states did you visit?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “California, Washington D.C., Washington State, New
York, and Nevada.”


                                                  432
                              The Antichrist Dajjal and Baphomet


   I said, “America’s nature is beautiful.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The people are nice and are better than the Europeans and
more conservative.”
   I said, “You told me before that the best place for the Ansar to gather would have been America?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, America or New Zealand or Canada or Oman.”




                                                 433
The Goal of the Wise




        434
            Door Number Thirty-Three


           The Divine Just State




“We laid it down in all the books of divine wisdom that
   My righteous servants shall inherit the Earth.”
                                              The Goal of the Wise


                    he entire foundation of religion is set upon obedience to the divinely appointed
                    King and all of religion is about enabling this divinely appointed ruler in order that
                    the faithful, the poor, the weak and oppressed people inherit the Earth. It is only
                    this ruler or King that will be able to establish justice, equality, peace, and
prosperity on the Earth. This divinely appointed King ruling equates to God ruling the Earth, for
God places His will in the heart of this King and the King is the representative of God, he is the
tongue of God, and the hand of God in Creation. Whoever dies without knowing the King of their
time has died the death of ignorance.1 It is an obligation upon us to pledge allegiance to the King of
our time and serve the Divine Just State, just as Adam (PBUH) was a King and the angels had to
prostrate to him and obey, and just as David (PBUH) was a King, Solomon (PBUH), Alexander
(PBUH) and Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) were all Kings, every believer must take the
divinely appointed Messenger in their time as a King and not just as a religious guide.
    We have already discussed how a divine Messenger and successor is recognized by three things:
Divine appointment in the Will of his predecessor/s mentioning him by name as a divinely
appointed successor, through divinely inspired knowledge, and through the Messenger calling
towards the Supremacy of God, and not the supremacy of people. Divine succession has followed
this pattern from Adam to Mohammed (PBUT), including Prophets such as Zoroaster, Cyrus,
Socrates, and Plato (PBUT). From Plato’s Republic to Zoroaster’s teachings, the divine right of
Kings was rooted in mature ethical intellect and guidance from the Holy Spirit. The Zoroastrians
believed that if the Holy Spirit (Khvarenah) leaves the divinely appointed King, then they will fall.
The Divine Just State will never be established through democratic elections rooted in sel shness
and self-centeredness and what the ignorant masses choose, the Holy Qur’an says: “If you follow the
majority of people on the earth, they will lead you astray from the path of God.”2 History has shown
how the corrupt elite use democracy to advance their evil interests at the expense of the people they
claim to be serving.3


                                    The Way the Qaim/Riser Will Rule


    One day I said to Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “My Father, in the words of the
Imams (From Them is Peace), they say that the Qaim rules in the same fashion as Adam and rules in
the same way as David and Solomon and rules the same way as Abraham (PBUT) and rules by the




1
  This is a rewording of the narration that states, whoever does not know the Imam of their time, has died the death of
  ignorance. -Encyclopedia of the Ahlul-Bayt Hadiths, Sheikh Hadi Al-Naja , Vol. 8, p. 237
2
  The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 6 (Al-Anaam), Verse 116
3
  The Dark Side of Democracy: Explaining Ethnic Cleansing, Michael Mann; Against Elections: The Case for
  Democracy, David Van Reybrouck


                                                          436
                                              The Divine Just State


way of Mohammed (PBUH & His Family), and that the people shall object to every type of rule except
for the rule of Mohammed (PBUH & His Family).4 What is the rule of Adam (PBUH)?”
    The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Verily Adam (PBUH) was the ﬁrst King on the Earth, as
for David and Solomon (PBUT) you know their rule.”
    I said, “Yes, they judge without evidence, through inspiration from the Holy Spirit.”5
    The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “And Abraham’s (PBUH) type of rule you also know it, and
they do not accept it.”
    I said, “What is his type of rule?”
    The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Abraham (PBUH) was determined to destroy the idols and
the beliefs of the time and he would never compromise in that.”
    I said, “Yes, and the people shall not accept that.”
    The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “As for Mohammed’s (PBUH & His Family) rule, they
accept it because most of the people follow that religion, and the name of Mohammed (PBUH & His
Family) makes them comfortable, but pleasing the people [with that rule] at that time shall be for a
purpose and it will not be permanent. It shall only be until they can grasp the matter and become used
to it and then the rule shall not be except by the whole and complete truth.”
    As we can see the Qaim/Riser will rule as a King like Adam (PBUH). He will rule for life and
there shall not be any elections, nor shall there be other candidates that shall ascend to rule during
his life, for he is appointed by God and only God can remove him from his o ce. He is the absolute
ruler. He will judge matters by what God places in his heart for he is infallible and will judge like
David (PBUH) and Solomon (PBUH), by the inspiration of the Holy Ghost. The words and
actions and judgments of the divinely appointed King are the words and actions and judgments of
God, for he is merely a translator of the will of God. The Qaim/Riser will destroy all false beliefs
and religions and implement the whole truth, even though he will brie y rule by the jurisprudence
of the Sixth Covenant in the beginning of the Divine Just State.




4
  On the authority of Abu Baseer, on the authority of Abu Ja’far (PBUH), he said: “The Qaim goes forth judging cases
  which some of his companions whom fought ahead of him in battle reject, and it is the judgment of Adam (PBUH),
  so the Riser/Qaim brings forth the men who objected and strikes their necks, then he judges the second case and
  another people who fought with him in battle shall reject it, and it is the judgment of David (PBUH), so he brings
  them forth and strikes their necks, and then he judges a third case, and another people who fought alongside him in
  battle shall reject, and it is the judgment of Abraham (PBUH) so he brings them forth and strikes their necks, then he
  judges a fourth case and it is by the judgment of Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) and none shall reject it.” - Bihar
  Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 52, p. 389
5
  On the authority of Abu Abdullah (PBUH) he said: “When the Qaim of the Family of Mohammed rises, he rules by
  the rule of David and Solomon, he does not ask people for evidence.” - Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol.
  26, p. 177



                                                          437
                                         The Goal of the Wise


                                              Our Country


   I said to Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “Will the Divine Just State last forever?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The Divine Just State shall not last forever.”
   I said, “Will we have a passport for our State?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “There shall come a day when our passport shall be the
strongest passport in all of the Earth, the passport of the Divine Just State, and a few years after that,
all passports in the world shall become obsolete.”
   I said, “Glory be to God! What color shall it be, my Father?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yellow and Black, the colors of our blessed Flag.”


Figure 1: The Flag of the Divine Just State




   I said, “And citizenship in the Divine Just State shall be based on faith instead, is that correct?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Exactly. All of the believers from all parts of the Earth are
citizens in the Divine Just State [and they shall be equal] and not diﬀerentiated by color nor
appearance nor language nor belonging to anything except for faith in God Almighty and the Divine
Just State and us.”
   I said, “My Father, does that mean that there shall be a time when all the countries in the world
will recognize the Divine Just State and there shall be relations with other countries?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, my son.”
   I said, “And the last country to enter the Divine Just State shall be which?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Britain.”
   I said, “Glory be to God! America enters the Divine Just State before it?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “America enters before it by a short period.”




                                                     438
                                         The Divine Just State


                                    A Currency and Financial System


   I said, “What will the name of our currency be in the Divine Just State?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “It shall be from gold or silver or bartering.”
   I said, “Glory be to God!”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “In the beginning it shall be gold and silver and then after
stability, it will be bartering.”
   I said, “What do you mean by bartering?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “I give you wheat and you give me meat; I give you clothes
and you give me bread and as such.”
   I said, “Wow! Because you shall make gold worthless?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Its worth shall be that of the dust. The Earth is ﬁlled with
cheap treasures, or I should say, resources that have no value in the eyes of the sons of Adam. This sand,
the sand of the desert, is a treasure that is not matched by any treasure or fortune on the Earth. A small
handful of it equates to thousands (of dollars).”
   I said, “Glory be to God! What is the secret in that?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “There is a small chemistry equation that can turn the sand
into gold, my son.”
   I said, “Glory be to God! The world shall completely change!”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Money and gold and other than that shall not have any
value at that time, and people shall not care about it.”
   I said, “So everyone shall be comfortable, and they will worship God?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “There shall not remain a single person in need, nor a
hungry person then.”
   In the Divine Just State, the currency which the people use shall not be paper currency nor
electronic currency. Paper currency and electronic currency are a scam. Paper currency is without
value and the proof is on the currency itself. You will nd on almost all currencies in the world
phrases such as “I promise to pay the bearer” or “This note is legal tender for all debts” or “Will pay
to the bearer on demand” (Figure 2) because the paper itself is nothing but a promissory note, a
note that recognizes debt, like a handwritten contract. The banks convinced people a long time ago
to deposit all their gold and silver with the banks and instead carry these bank-issued debt notes
because they were lighter to carry and easier to trade with. Whenever someone, for example, was
owed ve gold coins, he could just take a promissory note from the person who owed him and cash
it at the bank. The bank would give the person the note’s worth of gold. So, the worth is in the gold
and silver and not in the paper itself. Banks then began to print more paper notes than they had in
gold and silver, this led to in ation. That is why a long time ago, a person could buy a house for
$500 and today he needs hundreds of thousands of dollars to buy the same house. With time, the



                                                    439
                                       The Goal of the Wise


banks stopped giving people the gold that backed the worth of these notes and people stopped
asking.
   The bankers became rich and controlled the world while the rest of the people grew poorer and
became slaves. In the Divine Just State, the Imam (From Him is Peace) will only use as a currency
those things which have value, like gold and silver, and refuse at debt currencies. Then the Imam
(From Him is Peace) shall eliminate the value of gold and silver altogether and create a society where
everyone does a job to contribute, and all goods and services are free. The plumber works to better
society and serve it and has access to everything he needs for free. The doctor in turn does his part
and so does the lumberjack or the engineer or the teacher or the reman. A society where no one
must chase money, for money has no value, and all people are entitled to everything, and everyone
works not for money but for the honor of contributing to mankind. People at that time will be
motivated by honor and love of country and mankind, and not by greed and love of self and the
world.


Figure 2: Modern Currency, A Promissory Note




                                                 440
The Divine Just State




        441
                                          The Goal of the Wise




                                               Free Energy


   I said to Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “Why did the stars have so much
importance for the ancient people?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Do you have a television?”
   I said, “What is the relationship between the stars and television?” I paused thinking about it and
the Imam (From Him is Peace) remained silent. I suddenly exclaimed, “Aha! The stars are used for
broadcasting information?!”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “You are intelligent, my son. I wished to test your
intelligence.”
   I said, “Glory be to God, so they can operate like satellites?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, rather they are much better and much faster. We shall
use this knowledge in our State, God-willing.”
   I said, “So what is the receiver which is used to receive the information being broadcast?”


                                                     442
                                         The Divine Just State


   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “There are ways by which we can receive the broadcast.”
   I said, “Increase me, please, my Father.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “For example, through the same receivers which are used
today to receive satellite signals. You can make simple changes to it.”
   I said, “And then what? The signal will appear on the television screen? Is it images or words or
audio or what?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, and it will cause the broadcasting companies to go
completely bankrupt. We shall strike them economically. You can, through the stars, receive audio that
emitted from this Earth, for example, the sound of Prophet Adam (PBUH) or the sound of Prophet
Mohammed (PBUH & His Family).”
   I said, “Aha! So, can we see the entire past or is it just audio? Can we see images from the past?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Video and images can be broadcast, and we can receive it
from the stars or from space once those images are beamed by the television channels (towards the
stars).”
   I said, “Yes, so in regard to the past we can only hear the audio?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes.”
   I said, “That is such a great matter.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “We shall make it to where the satellite channels no longer
have to pay fees to the satellite companies anymore, they will be able to broadcast their signal without
membership with a satellite company.”
   I said, “Glory be to God!”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “And there is another thing. Petrol and energy will no longer
have any value because the salt water of the seas is the greatest source of energy. The salt water of the
seas shall replace petrol, and it will not be polluting to the environment.”
   I said, “You shall be the most dangerous man on the face of the earth to these corporations.”


                           Freedom of Religion in the Divine Just State


   I said, “Will people have the freedom to practice their religion in our State if they are not believers
in us?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Our Constitution states that our religion does not
diﬀerentiate between the Prophets and Messengers and Vicegerents, and our religion is the religion of
peace.”
   The Qaim/Riser will rule the people of the Torah by their Torah, and the people of the Gospel
by their Gospel, and the people of the Qur’an by their Qur’an. Every person of faith is judged by
their own beliefs and books.




                                                    443
                                          The Goal of the Wise


                             O cial Language of the Divine Just State


All languages will be valued and welcomed in the Divine Just State. That said, there must also be an
o cial language for the State. We had previously mentioned in Door Twenty that the Imam (From
Him is Peace) stated that the entire world would speak the easiest language on the planet by the year
2050, which is English. This means that the o cial language in the Divine Just State will be English
as well.


                             Death and Disease in the Divine Just State


   Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said, “In the Divine Just State medicine will
advance to the point that people will overcome death and disease.”
   I said, “So no one will die anymore, and people will live forever?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “They will still die but not from old age or from diseases.
The cures to all diseases will be given and people will no longer die of old age, for there will be a reversal
of aging. People will still die of natural accidents or if someone killed them.”


                              Countries That Play an Important Role


   I said, “My Father, I would like to clarify a matter. During the life of the First Mahdi, will the
entire Earth be in the Divine Just State or a part of it and then in the reign of the Twelfth Mahdi it is
completed?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, it shall be a part, and complete control of the Earth
shall be under the banner of this one,” and he pointed to a newborn baby boy only a few months of
age, Mohammed son of Al-Zahra (PBUT).
   I said, “And Hijaz will be from the ﬁrst countries in the world to join the Divine Just State?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “There is no doubt about that, my son.”
   I said, “What are the countries that shall play an important role in the Rise?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Hijaz, Iraq, Egypt, Germany, Sweden, the lands of Al-Rai,
Turkey and some other countries.”


                                     The Mahdi Owns the Planet


Even though some Prophets and Messengers ruled countries during their lives, the majority did not,
even though they were supposed to. Every Prophet and Messenger appointed by God is a King who
was meant to be obeyed by the people and to rule over them, as the King represents the rule of God.
Even though the divinely appointed King was not always enabled or had a kingdom to rule over, it
was still a divine obligation upon the people to obey the divinely appointed Messenger and take him


                                                     444
                                         The Divine Just State


and him alone as a King. The Kingdom of that King could be as small as the heart of one believer
who obeys that King, and obedience to the King appointed by God is worship of God. God does
not recognize these kingdoms of Satan, or the rulers appointed by Satan or chosen by the people.
The only King and Kingdom which God recognizes is the King whom He appointed. As such, even
though we do not have a land which is governed by us at the time of this writing, we still have a
State and a people and a ag and a God. Our people are the believers, and our State is the
community of believers who are governed by the Qaim/Riser.
    One day the Imam (From Him is Peace) said to me, “It is suﬃcient for the believer that he is
paving the path for our Divine Just State and for the authority and rule of God. It is suﬃcient for the
believer that he is paving the path for our Divine Just State and for the authority and rule of God. It is
suﬃcient for the believer that he is paving the path for our Divine Just State and for the authority and
rule of God. My beloved son, we do not force anyone to do anything. Everyone is free to do what they
want to do, but if someone chooses to operate independently, that which he chose he can do, we do not
mind, but he must do it away from our system and our laws and our State.”
    I said, “All thanks due to God.”
    The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “All thanks due to God. And they can remain believers who
are dear and digniﬁed and they do not go out of the religion of God because we do not ever kick anyone
out of the religion except for those who wish to go out themselves.”
    Here we clearly see that a believer has a choice to live in or out of the Divine Just State and we do
not force anyone to do anything. So, if a person chooses to live with the divinely appointed
Messenger in his community, they must accept all the laws and judgments which are placed by that
Messenger. Or else they can live far away from the Messenger and remain believers, but they will not
be citizens of our State. Citizenship of the Divine Just State here is determined by faith in God and
the State and the Mahdis but also with the acceptance of the laws and authority of the divinely
appointed King. So, in the time of Jesus (PBUH), the disciples living with Jesus (PBUH) had to
accept Jesus (PBUH) not only as a Savior but as a King and they must obey him completely to be a
part of his State. The same applies today. Those who wish to live with the Mahdi in his community
must accept him as a King and accept his laws even if he is not physically a ruler of a country. In fact,
the divinely appointed King is given by God authority over the entire universe because he is the
inheritor of God, he inherits the Earth and all that is upon it. Hence, Prophet Mohammed (PBUH
& His Family) said: “Do I not have more of a right over you than your own selves?”6 And he said:
“None of you will have faith till he loves me more than his father, his children and all mankind.”7
Jesus (PBUH) also said: “Anyone who loves their father or mother more than me is not worthy of me;
anyone who loves their son or daughter more than me is not worthy of me.”8 The divinely appointed


6
  Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Alْlamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 27, p. 243
7
  Mizan Al-Hikmah (Scale of Wisdom), Mohammed Al-Reyshahri, Vol. 1, p. 518
8
  The Holy Bible, Book of Matthew, Chapter 10, Verse 37


                                                    445
                                         The Goal of the Wise


King inherits the Earth and all that is on it because he represents God, and all that he does is what
God wills and it is for God and for the bene t of the creatures of God.
   One day I said to Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “I want to ask you an important
question, it is hypothetical but still, since the entire Earth shall be under your command and in fact it
already is, if a person, for example, wanted to purchase a piece of land in the Divine Just State, could I
sell it to them from now (as a promise to pay them that piece of land in the Divine Just State)?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, but the only condition is that it cannot belong to a
private individual today.”
   I said, “But there is no problem with selling all governmental properties (since these governments are
appointed by Iblis and not God)? For example, if someone wanted to purchase the Statue of Liberty or a
piece of the Amazon jungle, I could sell them that?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes.”
   I said, “Hypothetically speaking, let’s assume someone wants to buy land on another planet or the
moon, is there a problem with selling that?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “No, there is no problem with that but don’t tell me that you
are really considering doing that.”
   I said, “No, but I just wanted to know.”
   As you can see, private individuals who own properties according to their needs and through
their own labor legitimately own those lands or properties, but the greedy corporations and
illegitimate governments appointed by Iblis are considered usurpers and own nothing.


                                       Anti-Divine Just States


How is the Divine Just State di erent from a Judeo state like Israel or a Christian state like the
Vatican or a Muslim state like Iran? All these states are religious states and the factor which the
country is built around is religion. The so-called state of Israel is founded upon the idea that it is a
Jewish state, and the Jews were entitled to this land and promised it by God. The Vatican is a
Christian state founded upon the idea that the Pope and church is the supreme ruler and Christian
law would dominate the land. The so-called Islamic republic of Iran is also a religious state founded
upon the idea that the supreme leader (Wilayat Al-Faqih) and Muslim law would rule the land.
   The main di erence between the state of Israel and the Divine Just State is that the so-called state
of Israel is a democratic state in which its rulers are elected and are not appointed by God. This is in
complete contradiction with the Torah where the Kings of Israel such as Saul, David, and Solomon
were appointed by God. They do have an idea that the awaited Messiah shall come to Israel once
they rebuild the temple, and he is a divinely appointed leader. However, the Divine Just State is
established by a ruler from God and is never established nor led by people who are not appointed by
God. The laws of the Divine Just State are established by God through His divinely appointed King
and not through the Knesset.


                                                   446
                                             The Divine Just State


The main di erence between the Vatican state and the Divine Just State is that the Vatican is run by
the Pope. Although Catholics believe the Pope to be appointed by God and believe him to be the
vicegerent of Jesus (PBUH), it is not the case. The Pope is elected by the conclave, the assembly of
cardinals who each cast a vote on who they think the next Pope shall be.9 This method is in
contradiction to the method used by Jesus (PBUH) when appointing a vicegerent. Jesus (PBUH)
appointed Simon Peter (PBUH) directly, without the other disciples voting. The disciples did cast
lots to choose a replacement for Judas, but not for choosing a divinely appointed successor.
Vicegerents of Jesus (PBUH) can only be appointed by God. So just like Israel, the Vatican state is
more or less a state based on the people electing the leader.
      The main di erence between the so-called Islamic republic of Iran and the Divine Just State is
the same as the previous two. In Israel, the people vote and elect their leader, in the Vatican state, the
cardinals vote and elect their leader, and in Iran, the non-working scholars vote and elect whom
they consider to be the most knowledgeable of them to be the country’s supreme leader (Wilayat
Al-Faqih). In all three countries, they consider the head of state to be a representative of the people,
and more importantly, the representative of the divinely appointed King, who is absent. For
religious Jews, the so-called Israeli head of state is a representative of the Mashiach (Messiah) to
come. For Catholics, the Pope is a representative of Jesus (PBUH). For Shia Muslims, the Grand
Ayatollah is a representative of the “hidden” Imam Mahdi. But in all three cases, God did not
appoint any of them, the people did. So, their appointment is invalid, and their rule is illegitimate.
      Furthermore, more proof that these three states are not led by an infallible person chosen by
God is the fact that these three states are three of the most corrupt states on the planet. The absence
of justice and equity for all citizens is proof that they are indeed NOT from God. They are
responsible for all kinds of atrocities and crimes against humanity. Modern Israel was established
through the killing and displacement of innocent Palestinians. The Vatican’s history of genocide
against indigenous populations, inquisition against Jews and Muslims, Crusades, complicity in the
Holocaust, and sexual molestation scandals make it far from divine. The terror that Iran spreads
upon its own people and around the world in the name of God and the Holy Household
(Ahlul-Bayt) makes it illegitimate. All three of these countries validate other dictators and tyrants
and validate the injustice in the world and the wealth disparity between the rich and the poor. They
have not provided solutions for humanity’s needs and problems. These three states are also
notorious for discriminating against people who are not members of their faith. They are
Anti-Divine Just States.




9
    Vicar of Christ, Catholic Encyclopedia


                                                     447
                                          The Goal of the Wise


                                             Plato’s Republic


The Prophets and Messengers (PBUT) all worked towards a Divine Just State and imagined the
State to come where justice would prevail, and the world would be lled with justice and equality as
it was lled with injustice and tyranny. Those who dreamt and wrote about such a State were some
of the most brilliant minds of Western civilization. Two of the West’s greatest Prophets were
Socrates and Plato (PBUT). In the time of Socrates, the people did not believe in the concept of
justice. They considered any action that was to one’s advantage a just act and any action that wasn’t,
was unjust. This stemmed from what they observed in life. A non-working scholar in the time of
Socrates was preaching that justice is the advantage of the stronger because when the tyrants act
unjustly, they naturally gain power and become rulers, while those who act justly are weak and
ignorant and become disadvantaged. Therefore, justice is to act in one’s own interest, sel shness.
This is the way the governments of the world operate today. They all seem to believe in the way of
Thrasymachus the non-working scholar.
      Socrates, however, taught the necessity of justice and of the ideal country or state. He claimed
justice was placing a thing in its rightful place. Injustice was to place a thing in other than its place.
This is the exact same de nition of justice that we have in Islam and that was taught by Prophet
Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) and the Ahlul-Bayt (From Them is Peace). Rather, it is the
de nition of justice that all the Prophets and Messengers taught. It is very important to understand
this concept, as most people do not understand the meaning of justice. Justice to many means that
all people receive the same share and the same opportunities and the same of everything. But this
understanding leads to injustice. Here’s how. Socrates believed that people were created with
di erent natures to them. These natures cause each individual to be better suited for a particular
role or task. For example, some people’s nature is best suited for farming and others’ natures are best
suited for trading or carpentering or building or healing, etc. It would be justice that these
individuals whose nature makes them inclined and good at a particular thing be given the job to
practice that which they are suited for, in order that the best possible job be done. It would be
injustice to place them anywhere else other than that. So, for example, someone who is suited to be a
doctor should practice medicine and not farming. It would be injustice to place the doctor on a
farm or the farmer in a doctor’s o ce. As such, it would be injustice to place someone who was
better suited as a tradesman in the position of rulership.
      Socrates said that society therefore could be divided into three distinct categories.10 One category
is made up of producers, another of warriors, and a third class who are the rulers. The class of
producers would include those people in society who are suited for a particular trade, for example,
doctors, farmers, craftsmen, plumbers, etc. The class of warriors would be made up of those people
in society who are best suited for military jobs, and for protecting the State. The third and nal class


10
     The Republic, Book 3, Plato


                                                    448
                                         The Divine Just State


is made up of people whose nature is best suited to rule over society, ensure the law of the land is
just and that peace and prosperity engulf the land. Each category of society is concerned with its
duties alone. Producers do not interfere in politics and laws and ruling, and the warriors do not
interfere in the lives of the producers but only enforce the laws and protect the State. The ruling
class also does not interfere in any other business. So, you cannot have military men and women or
rulers who are also businessmen and have special interests or have shops and properties and farms,
or else their special interests will a ect the job that they perform. As such, you cannot have farmers
and tradesmen interfering in politics and creating lobbies, and trying to in uence rulers to pass laws
that protect their interests instead of the interest of the nation-state.
      The producing class would provide all the needs of the warrior class and the ruling class free of
charge. The doctors would provide healthcare to the warrior and ruling class, the farmers would
provide food for them, the dressmaker would provide them with clothing, etc. In turn, the warrior
class would protect the producer class and the Divine Just State and dedicate their entire life to that
particular mission free of charge. The ruling class would also in turn dedicate its life to serving the
public and drafting the laws and establishing diplomatic ties with other countries and doing
everything that is in the interest of the State. The ruling class and warrior class would not own any
property in the State. And most importantly, the ruler of the Divine Just State was known as the
Philosopher King and had to be divinely appointed.
      The Philosopher King in Socrates’ Republic is the individual whose nature created by God makes
him the best suited individual to rule. His political skills and philosophical knowledge are greater
than anyone else as the Philosopher is quali ed to rule because a philosopher, according to Socrates,
is an individual who possesses knowledge of the absolute truth. And since there is no absolute truth
but God, the one who possesses absolute knowledge of the absolute truth is none other than the
emissary and vicegerent of God, or the naturally appointed Proof of God on Earth, God’s divinely
appointed and infallible King, for one who has absolute knowledge of the absolute truth is
incapable of making mistakes or misguiding the nation. This person always chooses God and the
needs of humanity over themselves. Socrates said: “Until philosophers are kings, or the kings and
princes of this world have the spirit and power of philosophy ... cities will never have rest from their
evils,—nor the human race, as I believe,—and then only will this our State have a possibility of life and
behold the light of day.”11 A Philosopher is a divinely appointed Prophet, Messenger, Imam, or
Vicegerent. Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) has informed us that Socrates, Plato, and
Aristotle were all Prophets. Plato’s Republic is the Divine Just State. We are ghting for the creation
of Plato’s Republic; a government where God appoints the King and the King appoints the ruling
class, and the warrior class enforces the obedience towards the King and protects the State, while the
producing class lives in justice and equality and never has to su er anything or fear anything at all,
and enjoy a wealthy and comfortable life. Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) is a


11
     The Republic, Book 5, Plato


                                                   449
                                  The Goal of the Wise


Philosopher King. Mohammed ibn Al-Hassan, the Mahdi (PBUH & His Family) is a Philosopher
King and so are all the Mahdis.




                                          450
              Door Number Thirty-Four


                     The Riser




“If you see him, pledge allegiance to him and crawl to him
                   even if it were on ice.”
                                           The Goal of the Wise


                  he Qaim or Riser is the promised and awaited Savior of mankind. Traditions have
                  mentioned that he will call the people to a new Covenant or a new Islam. Imam
                  Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace) said: “If the Riser rises he shall call the people to a new
                  Islam, and he shall guide them to a matter that was lost and that the people strayed
from, and verily the Riser was called a Mahdi [a Guide] because he guides to a matter which is lost,
and he was called a Riser because he rises with the truth.”1 The Qaim is the one who establishes an
actual country and homeland for the believers, a Divine Just State in which the rule of God is
established. The Qaim is the one who returns with the souls of all of the Prophets and Messengers
and righteous ones, and establishes new family units based on soul connections instead of biological
connections.


                         The Ultimate Sign of the Qaim Is the Soul World


    One day I said to Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “I am writing about the
religion, and I have written, ‘We have come with the truth of reincarnation and the return of the souls
to the world more than once, and we know that every soul has a father and the father in the soul world
is not necessarily the father in the physical world. Every soul has one father and we come to this world
many times and in each incarnation the father and mother and siblings are diﬀerent. This is the sign
that we know the Qaim by, and the ultimate proof, for Imam Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace) said,
‘Verily, God chose between the souls in the shadows and then made them enter the bodies, and if our
Qaim emerges he shall make the brother inherit from the brother whom God paired him with in the
shadows, and he does not make him inherit from his physical brother, know him from that, and
whoever knows him from that there shall not remain upon him a stronger proof.’ 2 We are now using
the knowledge of the soul world as a proof and so we have with us the Qaim of the Family of
Mohammed.’ ”
    The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, my son. Great job!”


                                     Our Duties Towards the Qaim


    One day I said to the Imam (From Him is Peace), “Imam Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace) said:
‘Verily, if the believer has any (money) he can spend it as he wishes on his children, but then if the
Qaim rises (the believer) carries to the Qaim what he has (of money and property) and whatever is left
over from that (money) he uses it for his livelihood, then if he does that, (the believer) has fulﬁlled his
obligations.’ 3 And also Imam Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace) said: ‘Our Shia can spend whatever is in
their hands as they please in goodness, but if our Qaim rises then all treasures (wealth and fortune)

1
  Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 51, p. 30
2
  Al-Haft Al-Shareef, Al-Mu adhal ibn Omar Al-Jo , Door 66, p. 180
3
  Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 70, p. 143


                                                      452
                                                     the riser


become impermissible for those who have treasures, and they must bring it in order that the Qaim uses
it against his enemies and that is the meaning of the words of God, ‘Those who hoard gold and silver
and do not spend it in the way of God, give them glad tidings of a painful torment.’ ”4 What is the
meaning of this tradition, that there shall come a time when the Qaim shall make the people’s money
forbidden for them?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “It’s true. It means that the Qaim is the only one who shall be
just between the people in terms of living and will treat everyone equally with no diﬀerence.”
      It is clear from the narrations of the Ahlul-Bayt (From Them is Peace) that the believers have a
    nancial duty towards the Qaim (From Him is Peace). It is also clear from the words of Imam
Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) that the Rise has already begun, and we are currently in it
now. It is also clear from his words that forty percent of the Rise is gathering money for the
establishment of our Divine Just State. Therefore, it is the duty of every single believing man and
woman in this Call to turn in all of their belongings except for that which they need for basic
livelihood, in order to help the Qaim establish his State. Individuals who work and receive salaries
are required to turn in the entirety of their salary, after deducting from it what they need for their
livelihood, on a consistent monthly basis. Those who own properties such as houses or land must
sell it in order to donate it to the cause of the establishment of a Divine Just State. Supporting the
Qaim comes by any means necessary.
      One day I said to Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “I am going to use an
unrealistic example, it is only an example, but I want to ask.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes.”
      I said, “If someone steals from an oppressor for the sake of the Qaim of the Family of Mohammed
(PBUH & His Family)…”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “This is not stealing.”
      I said, “What about a person who deals with Riba [usury] in order to give money to the Qaim?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Riba no, Riba is not allowed at all. It is extremely ugly.”
      And this is not something that is unfamiliar for those who believed in the Prophets and
Messengers (PBUT). In the book of Acts, the believers sold their homes and gave the money and all
their belongings to the Apostles of Christ (PBUH) in order to establish a community of believers.
“All the believers were one in heart and mind. No one claimed that any of their possessions was their
own, but they shared everything they had. With great power the apostles continued to testify to the
resurrection of the Lord Jesus. And God’s grace was so powerfully at work in them all that there were no
needy persons among them. For from time to time those who owned land or houses sold them, brought
the money from the sales and put it at the apostles’ feet, and it was distributed to anyone who had
need.”5 The same happened with the community with Moses (PBUH): “Tell the sons of Israel to
raise a contribution for Me; from every man whose heart moves him you shall raise My contribution.
4
    Tafsir Al-Ayyashi, Mohammad ibn Masoud Ayyashi, Vol. 2, p. 87
5
    The Holy Bible, Book of Acts, Chapter 4, Verses 32 - 35


                                                        453
                                              The Goal of the Wise


And this is the contribution which you are to raise from them: gold, silver and bronze, blue, purple, and
scarlet material, ﬁne linen, goat hair, rams’ skins dyed red, porpoise skins, acacia wood, oil for
lighting, spices for the anointing oil and for the fragrant incense, onyx stones and setting stones, for the
ephod and for the breastpiece. And let them construct a sanctuary for Me, that I may dwell among
them.”6 And the narrations are many concerning the companions of Mohammed (PBUH & His
Family) and the early Muslims bringing all their wealth and gold and placing it in the hands and lap
of the Messenger of God.
    Those who object to handing over their wealth to the Qaim are not truly believers in the Divine
Just State and in the Qaim himself, and have failed to complete the obligations sent down upon
them by God. To support the Qaim with what he needs for establishing a Divine Just State is the
whole of religion.
    Another one of the duties of the believer in the time of the Qaim is to migrate to the Qaim by
any means necessary. The traditions are many in this regard and state that even if you were in a box,
you must break out of that box and migrate to him,7 even if you were to crawl on your knees or on
snow. Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) said: “We are members of a Household for whom
Allah has chosen the hereafter over this world. The people of my Household will face calamity,
expulsion, and exile after I am gone, until some people will come from the East carrying Black
Banners. They will ask for something good but will not be given it. Then they will ﬁght and will be
victorious, then they will be given what they wanted, but they will not accept it and will give leadership
to a man from my family. Then he will ﬁll it with justice just as it was ﬁlled with injustice. Whoever
among you lives to see that, let him go to them even if he has to crawl over snow.”8 So, the main two
obligations the believer has to ful ll when the Qaim rises is to hand over to him all wealth and to
migrate to him in order to serve him in whichever way he assigns them. As such, the Israelites
migrated with Moses (PBUH) and the early Christians migrated with Jesus (PBUH) and the
Apostles after him (PBUT) and as such the Muslims migrated with Mohammed (PBUH & His
Family) in order to establish a community of faith and believers.


                                           The Identity of the Qaim


The Riser is the one who will rise and take action to change the condition of the people. Muslims
have traditionally thought that the Riser is Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family) and Imam Mahdi is
the Riser, but in fact they are two di erent people. When referring to Imam Mahdi, we are speaking


6
  The Holy Bible, Book of Exodus, Chapter 25, Verses 2-8
7
  Aamer Abu Al-Tufail narrated that the Prince of the Believers (PBUH) said to him: “O Aamer if you hear the Black
  Banners approaching from Khurasan and you were locked in a box, then break that lock and that box until you are
  killed underneath it, and if you are unable to, then roll until you are killed underneath it.” - Life of Imam Mahdi,
  Baqir Sherif Al-Qurashi, Vol. 1, p. 273
8
  Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 51, p. 87


                                                          454
                                                      the riser


about the Twelfth Imam (PBUH & His Family) and when referring to the Qaim or Riser of the
Family of Mohammed (From Him is Peace), we are talking about another person.
    The Muslims have awaited the emergence of the Qaim for more than 1,400 years and all the
Prophets and Messengers (PBUT) awaited his appearance and prayed to return with him in order to
help him establish a Divine Just State. His arrival is the culmination of the e orts of all the
Prophets, Messengers and Imams (PBUT). His identity is important and has been at the center of a
lot of disagreement and confusion. For the Sunni Muslims, he is a descendant of Prophet
Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) to be born in the end times, and his name and the name of his
father are similar to the name of the Prophet and his father, and they believe that his name thus
should be Mohammed son of Abdullah (even though the narrations don’t explicitly state that). For
the Shia, the Twelfth Imam, Mohammed ibn Al-Hassan the Mahdi (PBUH & His Family) is the
Riser. The followers of Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) consider that Imam Ahmed
Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) is the Riser from the Family of Mohammed. So, who is he in
reality?


                                           Description of the Qaim


If we look for the description of the Qaim or Mahdi in narrations, we nd that the narrations
concerning the Qaim are contradictory. Some describe the Qaim or the Mahdi as ruling for 7 years,
others record him as ruling for 19,9 and yet others list other numbers of years. If we look at the
narrations describing his physical features, we also nd them contradictory, some describe him as
tall and dark-skinned resembling Moses (PBUH),10 others describe him as fair-skinned. Some
narrations describe him appearing at the age of 3211 and others have him appearing in his 40’s.12
Some narrations describe a Qaim or Mahdi who is a warrior and who engages in many battles and
other traditions describe a Mahdi who rises to the throne without having spilt a drop of blood.13
The fact of the matter is that the di erences in the narrations describing the Qaim, or the Mahdi,
are due to the fact that the narrations are describing di erent people.




9
  Abu Abdillah (PBUH) said: “The Kingdom of the Qaim from us is 19 years and a few months.” - Bihar Al-Anwar,
   Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 52, p. 298
10
   Imam Al-Baqir (PBUH) said: “...He is the one with redness, hollow eyes, elevated edges of the eyebrows, broad
   shoulders…and in his face there is a resemblance of Moses.” - Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 51, p. 40
11
   On the authority of Aba Abdillah (PBUH) he said: “He appears in the image of a successful youth at the age of 32.”
    - Kitab Al-Ghayba (Book of Occultation), Al-Numani, Vol. 1, p. 193
12
   The Messenger of Allah (PBUH & His Family) said: “The Mahdi (PBUH) from my sons is forty years old.” - Bihar
   Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 51, p. 80
13
   On the authority of Al-Hassan bin Abd Al-Rahman Al-Akli, on the authority of Abu Hurairah, he said: “Allegiance
   will be pledged to the Mahdi between the Rukn and the Maqam. He does not awaken a sleeper nor does he shed
   blood.” - Al-Malahim wal Fitan, Al-Sayyid ibn Tawus, Vol. 1, p. 133


                                                         455
                                                The Goal of the Wise


                                            Two Names, Three Names


Imam Al-Baqir (PBUH) narrated from his Father who narrated from his Grandfather (PBUT) who
said that the Prince of the Believers Ali (PBUH) said while he was on the minbar, “There shall come
forth a man from my sons in the end times who is white in color with some redness, he has a large belly,
wide thighs and broad shoulders, in his back are two moles, one the same color as his skin, and the other
similar to the one of the Prophet of God (PBUH & His Family). He has two names, a name which is
hidden and a name which is announced, as for the one which is hidden it is Ahmed, as for the one
which is announced it is Mohammed. If he shakes his banner there shall light up for it what is between
the East and West, and he places his hand on the heads of the servants and there remains not a believer
except that his heart is stronger than the piece of iron, and God shall give him the strength of forty men
and there shall not remain a single dead person except that he becomes happy while he is in his grave
and they will visit each other in the graves and give glad tidings concerning the Rise of the Riser
(PBUH).”14 The reality is that the two names, Ahmed and Mohammed are referring to two people
and they are the two names mentioned in the Will of Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family),
Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) and Mohammed ibn Al-Hassan (PBUH & His Family).
      As such, with the same logic and principle, in the Will when it says “He has three names...”, it is
referring to three di erent people, Ahmed, Abdullah and Al-Mahdi, the First, Second and Third
Mahdi. They are Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), Abdullah Hashem and Al-Mahdi,
the Third Mahdi. The narrations which describe the Qaim or the Mahdi at times are referring to
Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family), at times to Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) and
at times to one of the other Mahdis. But who is the Riser of the Family of Mohammed (PBUH &
His Family)?
      One day in November of 2018, the Imam (From Him is Peace) said to me, “Do you have the
Will with you?”
      I said, “Yes.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Read it.”
      I said, “Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) said to Ali (PBUH) on the night of his death,
‘O Father of Al-Hassan, bring me a pen and a paper,’ so the Messenger of Allah (PBUH & His
Family) dictated his Will until he came to this position where he said: ‘O Ali, there will be twelve
Imams after me and after them there will be twelve Mahdis. So you, O Ali, are the ﬁrst of the twelve
Imams, Allah the Exalted has named you in His heavens Ali Al-Murtada (the Content), Amirul
Mo’mineen (the Prince of the Believers), Al-Siddiq Al-Akbar (the Greater Truthful), Al-Farouq
Al-A’tham (the Greater Judge and Diﬀerentiator between truth and falsehood), Al-Ma’moun (the
Trusted), and the Mahdi (the Guided). These names may not be attributed to other than you. O Ali,
you are my vicegerent/guardian over my own family, their living and their dead, and upon my
14
     Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 51, p. 35



                                                             456
                                                        the riser


women: Whomever you kept, she shall ﬁnd me tomorrow, and whomever you divorced, I am innocent
of her, I will not see her and she will not see me on the Day of Resurrection. And you are my successor
(Khalifa) over my nation after me. If death comes to you, hand it over to my son Al-Hassan, the
righteous and benevolent. Then if death comes to him, let him hand it over to my son Al-Hussein, the
martyr, the pure and murdered. If death comes to him, let him hand it over to his son, the master of
worshipers, Dhul Thafanat (the one with hard skin on his knees) Ali. If death comes to him, let him
hand it over to his son, Mohammed Al-Baqir (the Revealer of Knowledge). If death comes to him, let
him hand it over to his son, Ja’far Al-Sadiq (the Truthful). If death comes to him, let him hand it over
to his son, Musa Al-Kathim (the Patient). If death comes to him, let him hand it over to his son, Ali
Al-Ridha (the Pleasing One). If death comes to him, let him hand it over to his son, Mohammed
Al-Thiqa Al-Taqqi (the Trustworthy, the God-Fearing). If death comes to him, let him hand it over to
his son, Ali Al-Nasih (the Advisor). If death comes to him, let him hand it over to his son, Al-Hassan
Al-Fadhil (the Meritorious). If death comes to him, let him hand it over to his son, Mohammed the
Safeguarded of the Family of Mohammed (PBUT). Those are the twelve Imams. Then there will be
twelve Mahdis after him, so if death comes to him, let him hand it over to his son, the ﬁrst of the close
ones, he has three names, one like mine and my Father’s and it is Abdullah (Servant of God),
Ahmed (the Praised), and the third name is Al-Mahdi (the Guided), and he is the ﬁrst of the
believers.’ ”15
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Look at the ﬁnal sentence from its beginning.”
      I said, “Do you mean Abdullah, Ahmed, Al-Mahdi?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, have you asked yourself why your name is ﬁrst?”
      I said, “I heard others ask about that before and I thought it was a mistake and in the original
Will it is written Ahmed, Abdullah, Al-Mahdi. I didn’t really think about it much.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “It is not a mistake.”
      I said, “But that means that I am the ﬁrst of the Mahdis and you are the second of the Mahdis?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “From now on you are in the forefront, do you remember
when you once told me that Adam (PBUH) spoke to you about the Will?”
      I said, “Yes, he mentioned that there is a surprise in it, one shall be before the other.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “That is what he meant.”
      I said, “But are you not the vicegerent of the Twelfth Imam, Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His
Family)?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, and here I am, his vicegerent.”
      I said, “And I am your vicegerent, but you are after me?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, and before you as well.”
      I said, “How are you before me and after me?”



15
     Ghaybat Al-Toosi, Vol. 1, p. 174; Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 53, p. 148


                                                            457
                                           The Goal of the Wise


   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Now the people know and will continue to know that
Ahmed is the vicegerent of Mohammed.”
   I said, “Yes.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “But who is the one who is facing the people? You.”
   I said, “Aha! So, you mean that Ahmed is the vicegerent of Mohammed (PBUH & His Family)
and Abdullah is the vicegerent of Ahmed, but he dies before Ahmed like Aaron died before Moses, and
then Al-Mahdi will be your vicegerent like Joshua became the vicegerent of Moses after the death of
Aaron? Is it like that?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, almost, the only diﬀerence is that Abdullah remains
after Ahmed, he does not die before him, I mean biological death of the body.”
   I said, “So you are the ﬁrst of the Mahdis and you die, and I am the second of the Mahdis and after
me is Al-Mahdi, but at the same time I am before you and face the people?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Great job!”
   I said, “So from this moment until my death that is after your death, I am the one in the forefront
facing the people?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Even after I appear to them, I shall not always remain with
them.”
   I said, “Why, my Father?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “I will only appear for a period of time and then I shall
disappear from the sight of the people.”
   I said, “What is the reason?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “My son, I do not want the people to get used to my existence,
and the reason is, I am preparing the Earth for you.”
   I said, “For me?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, my appearance for a time period is in order to give
strength to your position but honor, glory and respect shall remain for you and our Call.”
   I said, “But why are you preparing the Earth for me and not for you? You are the Master of the
Earth.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “You shall understand later, be quiet son.”
   I said, “I don’t know what to say.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Don’t say anything. You shall come to know what you mean
to your Father and Master.”
   I wept and said, “Thank you, my Father.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “God bless you son, and send my peace to everyone, one by
one, and tell them all that I forgive everyone and wipe away all their sins and I make them all white
as if they were born today, they have no sin which is to be mentioned. I forgive all of them, everyone,
every single person. They are all requited of their sins and innocent in front of me. After you inform
them all, inform so and so of his mistake and tell him we already knew that you were trying to deceive


                                                   458
                                                           the riser


us and deceive Ahmed Al-Hassan, but alas you have not deceived except your own self. Tell him I
forgive him.”
       I said, “May God send His prayers and blessings upon Mohammed and the Family of
Mohammed, the Imams and the Mahdis! Thank you, O merciful one and generous one! My body has
goosebumps from your words. Indeed, he was not deceiving except himself. Thank you, my Father.”
       The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “My son, I do not want you to bring up the mistakes of
anyone no matter how small it was after this forgiveness, and make them brothers in the cause of God.
Let the women hug the women and the men hug the men and let every one of them declare their
forgiveness and love for the other with their hearts and tongues and let everyone know that God sees
and hears what is in the hearts. Have a wonderful night, my dear son. I leave you in the care and
guardianship of God, always and forever.”
       I said, “In the care and guardianship of God, my dear Father.”


                                      The Qaim of the Family of Mohammed


       One day the Imam (From Him is Peace) said to me, “Who is the Riser of the Family of
Mohammed (PBUH & His Family)?”
       I said, “You, Ahmed Al-Hassan.”
       The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “No. You are incorrect.”
       I said, “Who is he?”
       The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “He is another person. His worldly name starts with the
letter A. His mother is a Roman and he has a son by the name of Aaron Al-Sadiq (PBUH).”
       I said, “Me?”
       The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The Riser of the Family of Mohammed (PBUH & His
Family) is Abdullah. Joseph, the son of Ahmed Al-Hassan.”
       I began to weep.
       The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “That is the Riser of the Family of Mohammed (PBUH &
His Family). You, my son.”
       I said, “But wasn’t it you, my Father?”
       The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “When? Only in the apparent was it me. This is one of the
matters which I shall read in Al-Kufa and the people shall run away from it,16 this is a small part of
it. Did you not feel it one day?”
       I said, “It never crossed my mind that I was the Riser of the Family of Mohammed except for what
you told me. I always thought it was you.”


16
     From Abi Abdillah (PBUH) he said: “It is as if I see the Qaim (PBUH) on the platform of Kufa, and he is wearing a
     cloak, so he takes out from his cloak a book sealed with a golden seal, so he removes the seal and reads it to the people,
     so they run away from him like the running of sheep.” - Al-Kaﬁ, Al-Shaikh Al-Kulayni, Vol. 8, p. 167


                                                               459
                                           The Goal of the Wise


     The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “You are my beloved and the light of my eyes, but you should
have known it when I told you that you would rule before me, Abdullah, Ahmed, Al-Mahdi.”
     The narrations of the Ahlul-Bayt make it clear that the Qaim of the Family of Mohammed
(PBUH & His Family) is a son of Ahmed Al-Hassan. Imam Al-Baqir (From Him is Peace) said:
“Moses son of Imran looked in the Torah and read what would be given to the Qaim of the Family of
Mohammed from ability and preference, so Moses said: ‘My Lord, make me the Qaim of the Family
of Mohammed.’ And so, it was said to him: ‘That is from the sons of Ahmed,’ and so he looked into the
second book of the Torah and he found the same and he said the same as he had said before, and it was
said to him the same as God said before. He then looked into the third book of the Torah and saw the
same and said the same and it was said to him by God the same. [The Qaim is the son of Ahmed].”17
There are also several narrations which mention the age of the Qaim when he appears: “…he appears
in the image of a successful youth at the age of 32.”18 When I was rst appointed by Imam Ahmed
Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) and claimed the Will publicly and came forth with an appointment
letter from my Father and was named his successor by him, I was 32 years old and this was in 2015. I
appeared publicly after the death of king Abdullah just as Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family) did
and the traditions state that both the Hujjah and the Qaim will appear after the death of king
Abdullah: “…Give me glad tidings of his death and I will give you glad tidings of the appearance of
the Hujjah (Imam Mahdi)...”19 and other narrations stated: “Whoever guarantees for me the death
of Abdullah, I shall guarantee for them the Qaim.”20 And I am the one who claimed the Will and
used it as a proof against the people just as my Father did before me: “…This matter shall never be
until he is the one who uses it as a proof against you and calls you to it...”21


                                       A Divine Decree by Design

Someone could ask, so why did Imam Ahmed ِِAl-Hassan (From Him is Peace) imply in his books
that he was the Riser? There are many answers to this question, some we shall not state for now, for
the time has not yet come to explain all the mysteries, but I shall give you one reason. From the time
of Adam (PBUH) until today, there has always been a divinely appointed King on the Earth. Since
the time of Adam (PBUH), the sons of Iblis, the sons of Cain (May the curse of God be upon
them), have always plotted and planned to poison, imprison, and/or kill the divinely appointed
Kings. The children of Adam (PBUH) have always been oppressed in the land, and for that reason
God has promised a Qaim/Riser, who will successfully liberate the believers and establish a Divine
Just State.


17
   Kitab Al-Ghayba (Book of Occultation), Al-Numani, Vol. 1, pp. 244 - 245
18
   Kitab Al-Ghayba (Book of Occultation), Al-Numani, Vol. 1, p. 193
19
   250 Signs Until the Appearance of Imam Mahdi, Muhammad Ali Tabatabai, Sign No. 88, p. 136
20
   Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 52, p. 210
21
   Kitab Al-Ghayba (Book of Occultation), Al-Numani, Vol. 1, p. 335


                                                      460
                                                       the riser


Since the children of Cain were always aware of a Savior to come, when Abraham (PBUH) was
born, Nimrod had planned to kill this Savior from the Family of Noah (PBUH). When Moses was
born, the Pharaoh ordered the killing of every male child to be born to the Hebrews22 in an attempt
to kill the Qaim or Savior of Israel. When Jesus was born in Bethlehem, and his star was witnessed
in the East, king Herod of Judea ordered the massacre of the innocents to prevent his rise23. The
birth of the Twelfth Imam was hidden from Mu’tamid, the Abbasid caliph, who was actively
searching for him in order to kill him and prevent his rise.
     It is clear that the children of Iblis have one purpose: to prevent the rise of God’s vicegerent and
the establishment of the Divine Just State. Thus, it is part of the divine decree to somewhat confuse
God’s enemies both as a means of protection and as a way to test the believers in their faith. Imam
Ja’far Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace) says: “If we say something to you about a man from us, but it is
not in him, and is in his children, don’t deny it.”24 In the Holy Qur’an, Prophet Imran (PBUH) was
given a promise that he would father the Messiah; however, when he was given a daughter, Mary
(PBUH), he thought that God had changed His plan and was disappointed. God’s promise was
true, He had said something about Imran’s child, but it was not about her, rather it was concerning
her son. The promise of God was ful lled through Mary (PBUH) with the birth of her son Jesus
(PBUH).25 The people were led to believe one thing in order to protect God’s interests and ful ll
God’s plans, just as it happened with the apparent Cruci xion of Jesus (PBUH). The people were
led to believe that Jesus (PBUH) was cruci ed, in order to ful ll a purpose.
     The apparent ambiguity is by design and serves a higher purpose that is not completely clear,
until God decides that it becomes unambiguously clear through His Proof on the Earth. Thus, for a
period of time, Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) was thought to be the Qaim, the look-alike
of Jesus, but this is not the case, it was only so in order that God could test those who were rm in
their belief and distinguish them from those who doubted, as well as to protect the interests of God
and His plan. The divine decree is both a protection against the enemies, and a test for the believers.
In the book of Isaiah it states, “For My thoughts are not your thoughts, neither are your ways My

22
   “When you serve as midwife to the Hebrew women and see them on the birthstool, if it is a son, you shall kill him,
   but if it is a daughter, she shall live.” - The Holy Bible, Book of Exodus, Chapter 1, Verse 16
23
   “Then Herod, when he saw that he had been tricked by the wise men, became furious, and he sent and killed all the
   male children in Bethlehem and in all that region who were two years old or under, according to the time that he had
   ascertained from the wise men.” - The Holy Bible, Book of Matthew, Chapter 2, Verse 16
24
   Tafsir Al-Qummi, Ali ibn Ibrahim Al-Qummi, Vol. 1, p. 101
25
   On the authority of Abu Abdullah (PBUH), he said: “God revealed to Imran, ‘I shall grant you a blessed son that
   heals the blind and the lepers, and resurrects the dead by My permission, and I shall make him a Messenger to the
   Children of Israel.’ So he informed his wife Hannah of this, who is the Mother of Mary, so when she became pregnant
   with her, she thought that she was pregnant with a boy. But when she gave birth to a female child, she said: ‘O Lord! I
   have given birth to a female and a female is not the same as a male.’ Because the female cannot be a Messenger, and
   God said, ‘and Allah knew full well what she had given birth to.’ So when God granted Mary Jesus (PBUH), Jesus was
   the one whom God gave glad tidings to Imran about and whom He had promised to him, so if we tell you something
   about a man from us, and it is in his children, do not deny it.” - Tafsir Al-Qummi, Ali ibn Ibrahim Al-Qummi, Vol. 1,
   p. 101


                                                          461
                                                 The Goal of the Wise


ways,” declares the LORD. “For as the heavens are higher than the earth, so My ways are higher than
your ways and My thoughts than your thoughts.”26
      Another explanation is that, in fact, Ahmed and Abdullah could both be considered to be the
Qaim (From Him is Peace) for the soul of Abdullah is a copy of the soul of Ahmed. But the body
which shall rule as the Qaim physically is Abdullah. Most Muslims claim that the name of the
Mahdi would be one that resembles the name of the Prophet (PBUH & His Family) and the name
of his father. The name of the Prophet (PBUH & His Family) was Mohammed and his father’s
name was Abdullah. Those are two names, and the two names are two people, and the two people
are Ahmed Al-Hassan and Abdullah Hashem. I am Ahmed and Ahmed is Abdullah.
      One day I said to Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “Why did people say that the
character of the Righteous Servant is Al-Khidr? Is he Al-Khidr or the Righteous Servant?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “For sure he is both.”
      I said, “Who was there then? Me or you? You said to me previously that you are the Righteous
Servant and now you said he is Al-Khidr and also you said that Al-Khidr is Prophet Jeremiah, but
Jeremiah was a Prophet from the Israelite Prophets and he came much after Moses (PBUH)?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “I shall put you at ease, I have already said many times, that
I am you and you are me, you are from me and you are a part of me, this part shares with me
everything that pertains to me because it is me and it is from me.”




26
     The Holy Bible, Book of Isaiah, Chapter 55, Verses 8-9


                                                              462
              Door Number Thirty-Five


                   The Yamani




“Whoever goes against him is from the people of hellﬁre.”
                                            The Goal of the Wise


             mam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) is a man who appeared in 1999 in Iraq
             claiming that Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family) sent him as a Messenger and
             announcing himself as the promised Yamani, calling people to pledge allegiance to
             Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family). Imam Al-Baqir (From Him is Peace) said: “There
is no banner which is more guided than the banner of the Yamani, it is a banner of guidance because
he calls towards your companion. If the Yamani emerges then selling weapons becomes impermissible
upon the people and every Muslim, and if the Yamani emerges then rise and go to him, for verily his
banner is a banner of guidance and it is not permissible for any Muslim to go against him, whoever
does so is from the people of hellﬁre, because he calls to the truth and to the straight path.”1 The
character of the Yamani is a central character in the Islamic end times narrations, his appearance
precedes the appearance of Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family) and the Yamani is actually one of
the very close and non-changing signs of the appearance of the Mahdi (PBUH & His Family).
Imam Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace) said: “The Call is from the things that must come to pass, and
the Sufyani is from the things which must come to pass, and the Yamani is from the things which must
come to pass, and the killing of the pure soul is from the things which must come to pass, and a palm
which appears in the sky is from the things which must come to pass.”2 The Yamani, in fact, is one of
three characters that appear at the same time before the emergence of the Qaim/Riser and they are
the Khorasani, the Yamani, and the Sufyani. Imam Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace) said: “The
emergence of the Sufyani and the Yamani and the Khorasani takes place in one year, in one month, in
one day, in order like the order of beads, one following the other.”3


Figure 1: An Older Picture of Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace)




1
  Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 52, p. 232
2
  Kitab Al-Ghayba (Book of Occultation), Al-Numani, Vol. 1, p. 260
3
  Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 52, p. 232


                                                       464
                                                     the yamani


It was this important matter, the matter of the Yamani, that made people gravitate towards Imam
Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) when he rst began calling people to it publicly. Educated
scholars of religion and non-educated simple people all began to join his Call. They all knew they
had a divine obligation to obey the Yamani and no one had claimed to be the Yamani and come
with so many proofs other than Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace). He claimed to be
“Ahmed” in the Will of the Prophet of Allah (PBUH & His Family)4 and he claimed to be “Ahmed
from Basra”5 mentioned in the narrations of the companions of the Mahdi (PBUH & His Family).
He claimed to be the most knowledgeable in regard to the Qur’an, the Gospels, and the Torah and
he challenged the scholars of these three religions to debates. He asked the people to ask God about
him and encouraged people to cast lots (make istikharah)6 on whether he was truthful or not.
Thousands of people claimed to have had dreams from God in which they were told that Ahmed
Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) is the truth, and hundreds of people claimed to have witnessed
miracles at the hands of Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace). He checked all the boxes and his
voice shook the hearts of the people. He delivered four recorded sermons which have survived to
this day, the Sermon of Hajj, the Sermon of the Meeting with Imam Mahdi (PBUH), the Sermon to
the Greatest of them Lest They Return, and the Sermon of Advice to the Students of the Hawza. In
these sermons, Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) preached his main message which
was that the number one enemy to God and to Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family) and the
Qaim/Riser (From Him is Peace) was the religious scholars and the religious establishment. This
was a ful llment of the narrations from the Ahlul-Bayt that stated such. Imam Al-Sadiq (From
Him is Peace) said: “If the Qaim rises he suﬀers more than the Prophet of Allah (PBUH & His
Family) did from the ignorant people of the Jahiliya…the Prophet of Allah (PBUH & His Family) was
sent to them while they were worshiping stones and rocks and sticks and carved wood, and verily our
Qaim if he rises, he shall go to the people and all of them will be interpreting the book of Allah against
him and using it as a proof against him.”7 It was also narrated: “If Imam Mahdi emerges, he has no
clearer enemy than the jurisprudents especially…and if it were not for the sword in his hand the
scholars would have issued fatwas to kill him.”8




4
  In the Will of Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) it says: “Then there will be twelve Mahdis after him, so if
   death comes to him, let him hand it over to his son, the rst of the close ones, he has three names, one like mine and
   my Father’s and it is Abdullah (Servant of God), Ahmed (the Praised), and the third name is Al-Mahdi (the Guided),
   and he is the rst of the believers.” - Ghaybat Al-Tusi, Al-Shaikh Al-Tusi, Vol. 1, p. 174; Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah
   Al-Majlisi, Vol. 53, p. 148
5
  Bisharat Al-Islam, Mustafa Al-Kazimi, p. 295
6
  Istikharah in this context means seeking counsel from God, asking Him to show and guide one to the truth.
7
  Kitab Al-Ghayba (Book of Occultation), Al-Numani, Vol. 1, p. 305
8
  Yanabi al-Muwadda, Al-Qunduzi, Vol. 3, p. 215


                                                          465
                                                The Goal of the Wise


                                                The Dajjal of Sistan


Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) made enemies out of a billion-dollar institution, the
Shia religious institution. He claimed that the so-called Grand Ayatollah Sistani was actually the
Dajjal9 of Sijistan (Sistan) mentioned in the narrations. The Prince of the Believers (From Him is
Peace) had said: “The Dajjal emerges from a town called Isfahan from a small Jewish village, his right
eye is erased”10 and Sistani’s ancestors are originally from Isfahan. It was also narrated: “And the
appearance of the Dajjal who shall come out from the East from Sijistan.”11 Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan
(From Him is Peace) claimed that Sistani was a Dajjal who paved the way for and helped America,
the Greater Antichrist and Dajjal, to eliminate completely the Supremacy of God from Iraq and
establish the supremacy of the people. It is also interesting to note that Sistani has undergone
surgery in London on his right eye and many claim he is blind in his right eye.


Figure 2: Ali Sistani, Dajjal of Sijistan (Sistan)




                                                     The Sufyani


Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) started his Call in 1999 and was appointed by Imam
Mahdi (PBUH & His Family) publicly. Imam Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace) had said: “Verily, if
you see the Sufyani you would see the most evil of people.”12 And it was also narrated: “He has a cross in
his neck.”13 Imam Al-Baqir (From Him is Peace) said: “The Sufyani is red, blond, blue and he never


9
  Dajjāl is an Arabic term that literally means “deceiver”, it refers to a false Prophet or Antichrist gure who leads
   people astray.
10
   Al-Kharaij wal Jaraih, Al-Rawandi, Vol. 3, p. 1135
11
   Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 51, p. 70
12
   Kamāl al-dīn wa tamām al-niʿma, Al-Shaikh Al-Saduq, Vol. 1, p. 679
13
   Ghaybat Al-Tusi, Al-Shaikh Al-Tusi, Vol. 1, p. 483


                                                            466
                                                      the yamani


worshiped God.”14 The Prince of the Believers (From Him is Peace) also said: “The Sufyani will
emerge with a red banner.”15 As you can see from the pictures below, king Abdullah of Jordan’s hair
was blond when he was a child, he has blue eyes, his skin complexion is red, he wears crosses on his
neck and chest, and his banner is red. In addition to all that, he was crowned in the same year that
Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) was.


Figure 3: The Sufyani “king of Jordan”




14
     Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 52, p. 254
15
     Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 52, p. 273



                                                              467
                                         The Goal of the Wise




   One day Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said, “The Sufyani is the so-called king of
Jordan.”
   I said, “The events that are happening now in Iraq, this is all leading to the emergence of the
Khorasani, the Yamani and the Sufyani towards Kufa, right?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “This is one of the important events that happen in this Call,
you are correct, great job my son.”


                                      Warnings to World Leaders


Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) did as the Prophet of Allah (PBUH & His Family)
did at the beginning of Islam. Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) wrote letters to several
of the world’s leaders calling them to heed the appearance of Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family).
One of his letters was addressed to the “supreme leader” of Iran, Ali Khamenei in which he
demanded that he turn over the leadership of the republic of Iran to Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His
Family). Another letter was addressed to the former U.S. president George Bush warning him of the
consequences of his actions in Iraq. Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) also addressed
the people of Iraq asking them for support.
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) went on to write two very important books, one called The Book
of Monotheism and the other titled The Calf. He also built a house of prayer with his followers and
taught them many things. They later gathered his teachings and quotes and wrote books from it.
The Imam (From Him is Peace) also announced that the symbol of his Call would be the Star of
David (PBUH) or the six-pointed star, as it is part of the inheritance of the Prophets and
Messengers, and he was the inheritor of the Prophets and Messengers (PBUT). This led the scholars
to attack him and spread rumors that he was an Israeli agent sent to destroy Islam. The Imam
(From Him is Peace) taught that the Star had the same meaning as God is Great in the Iraqi ag and
that anyone who disrespected the Star was disrespecting the name of God.




                                                 468
                                                   the yamani


                             Taqleed (Imitation of the Religious Scholars)


Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) began teaching that Taqleed (imitation) of the
scholars in religious matters is false and not from Islam. He also taught that the Khums (religious
1/5 tax) was not to be given to the religious scholars, but to Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family)
himself. These two issues stripped away all the authority of the religious scholars. The religious
scholars had been teaching and preaching the Khomeini lies of the Wilayat Al-Faqih or the Rule of
the Jurisprudent, which gave the scholars the same authority as the Prophets and Messengers
(PBUT). The scholars have also been teaching that Taqleed is obligatory and that every single
Muslim had to choose a scholar to follow. If they did not, then God would not accept any of their
good deeds, prayers, fasting, and charitable acts. The scholars had made themselves Imams and
made themselves God. Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) began to take the axe to all of
these false beliefs and taught that the scholars were getting rich o of the poor and stealing their
money in the name of God and religion.
     When the poor would become ill, the scholars would tell them to visit the mausoleums of the
Infallibles and pray for the cure. When the scholars would get sick, they would go to the best of
hospitals in the lands of Europe and America to be cured. Yet, they would chant “Death to
America.” The hypocrisy and corruption of the religious institutions was exposed for the rst time
by Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace). He will go down in history as the only one who
exposed their false foundation in this way.
     Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) began teaching that the religious scholars were
actually the enemies of Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family) and Jesus (PBUH) and all the Prophets
and Messengers (PBUT). He reminded people that the religious scholars were the enemies of Jesus
(PBUH). The religious scholars were the enemies of Mohammed and the Family of Mohammed
(From Them is Peace). He quoted the narrations of the Holy Household of Prophet Mohammed
(From Them is Peace). Imam Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace) said: “His (the Qaim’s) enemies are the
religious scholars of Taqleed, they enter under his rule in fear of his sword and authority and in desire
of what he has, the ones who know God from the people of truth pledge allegiance to him… ”16 Imam
Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace) also said: “And he abolishes the Jizya (taxing the non-Muslim citizens
of the country) and he calls to God by the sword and he abolishes all the diﬀerent sects from the Earth
and there shall not remain except for the pure religion because of the enmity from the religious scholars
who do Taqleed, the people of Ijtihad…”17 Imam Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace) also said: “If the
Qaim/Riser emerges from Karbala and goes to Najaf and the people are around him, he kills between
Karbala and Najaf 16,000 religious scholars and the hypocrites around him shall say, ‘He is not from
the sons of Fatimah or else he would have had mercy on them…’ ”18

16
   Aʿyān al-Shīʿa, Al-Sayyid Muhsin Al-Amin, Vol. 2, p. 54
17
   Al-Futūḥāt al-Makkiyya (The Meccan Revelations), Ibn Arabi, Vol. 3, p. 327
18
   Majma al Nurayn, Al Marandi, p. 345


                                                        469
                                                 The Goal of the Wise


It is clear that the greatest problem that the Qaim/Riser faces in the beginning of his reign is the
issue of religious scholars. Although the Qaim/Riser is peaceful and only seeks to spread the
religion of God, as they did with Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), the religious
scholars seek to have him killed because his religion leaves those false scholars of religions without a
job and exposes them as frauds and liars. The religious scholars are the main problem with the
world today. They are the tools of the tyrannical governments and regimes. They preach to the
people to obey the leader and they claim that whoever rebels and protests against the tyrant is a
disbeliever. They are the ones who protected the tyrants of the Middle East and enforced their
authority, not just in the Middle East, but all over the world.


                                        The Campaign Against the Yamani


This war that Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) led against the Shia scholars and religious
institutions resulted in them preparing to wage an ultimate battle against the Imam (From Him is
Peace) and the Call and what they perceived to be a growing threat against their authority. In 2007,
Shia scholars began issuing religious decrees against Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace)
and his followers, declaring them heretics and declaring Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is
Peace) to be a Dajjal. The Marja19 institution pushed the Iraqi security forces to raid the homes,
arrest and attack the followers of Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace). Many of the
believers were innocently killed, arrested without just cause, and jailed without due process. The
Shia militias and followers of the scholars were looking for Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is
Peace), wanting to kill him, because he spoke against the religious scholars which they considered to
be heretical.
      Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) had predicted that this would take place in his
Sermon of Hajj. He said:


            And the whole world will see a new Karbala on this Earth, a Karbala which has
            Al-Hussein and his companions who are a few calling to the Truth, to the Supremacy
            of Allah, and refusing the supremacy of the people, the American democracy, and the
            Saqifa of the non-working scholars. A Karbala which has Shareeh Al-Qadhi and
            Shimr ibn Thul Jawshan and Shibth ibn Rabiy, the non-working scholars who
            commanded the killing of Al-Hussein. A Karbala which has Yazeed, Ibn Ziyad,
            Sirjaun, and the Romans (who are America) behind them. And the world will see an
            epic battle of a new message of Jesus the son of Mary upon the Holy Land. And it will
            be a Holy Land which has Jesus and his disciples, who are a few, oppressed, afraid that
            the people would harm their faith. It will be a Holy Land which has the clerics of the


19
     Marja is an Arabic term that refers to a jurist who is followed by Shia Muslims.


                                                             470
                                             the yamani


       Jews who demand the killing of Jesus, and the Romans (the Americans) who comply
       with their demands and try to kill Jesus…Let the will of the Lord be like this, the way it
       always was, that the tyrants triumph and the Messengers and believers are killed, as
       we are not created for this world but for the hereafter. O Allah, if this satisﬁes You,
       then take until You are satisﬁed, or let the will of the Lord change this time so that the
       whole world will see a few oppressed people who have nothing except their faith that
       there is no power except by Allah, triumph and defeat the worst tyrants this Earth has
       ever known. Those non-working scholars will say, actually some of them have already
       said, “Kill Ahmed Al-Hassan as he speaks about the clerics.” Yes, he speaks about the
       clerics because he wants to restore the way of the Messenger of Allah anew. And what
       clerics are they? They ﬁght those who call to some of the Truth, so how [will it be] while
       I call them today to the whole Truth? The path of the Prophets and Messengers, the
       path of the Imams and successors, the path of Mohammed and Ali, the path of
       Al-Hussein, the path of Imam Mahdi (PBUH), the path of Jesus (PBUH) who said,
       “My servant is my hands and my transportation is my feet, the earth is my bed and
       the stone is my pillow. My warmth in winter is the rising of the sun, my light at night
       is the moon, my food is hunger, my slogan is fear, my clothing is wool, my fruit and
       basil are what the land bears fruit for the wild and cattle. I sleep while I have nothing,
       and I rise while I have nothing, and yet there is no one on Earth more wealthy than
       me.”


After the house of Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) was bombed, his followers killed,
and his land usurped, Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) was forced to go into hiding,
as his life was now clearly in danger by these Shia militias and Shia government. In the Sermon of the
Meeting, Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said this:


       And very soon you shall see what sin you have committed and what sanctity you have
       violated and regret will do no good and soon enough I shall go away from you. O you
       seed of the killers of Al-Hussein ibn Ali, peace be upon him! For your scholars killed
       him before you and your Mujtahids such as Shimr ibn Thul Jawshan, and Shibth ibn
       Rabiy, and your forefathers helped them and today, if I willed, I could name which
       one of you is Shimr ibn Thul Jawshan and Shibth ibn Rabiy. But wait, what do I have
       to do with those fools who can barely even understand a single hadith, and do not be
       happy, O you oppressors! Do not be happy by me leaving you and migrating from your
       lands for it won’t be long before I return, with my Father Mohammed ibn Al-Hassan
       Al-Mahdi, peace be upon him, who shall not give you except the sword and death
       under the shadow of the sword! O you who were satisﬁed with what your forefathers
       did and followed Shimr, may Allah’s curse be upon him in your time, and Shibth ibn


                                                  471
                                              The Goal of the Wise


           Rabiy, may Allah’s curse be upon him in your homes, and regret shall do you no good
           then, O you killers of the Prophets and sons of the Prophets! And you shall not ﬁnd
           except the loss of this world and the hereafter due to what your hands and your tongues
           have committed of fraud and deceit and lies and assumptions and false accusations,
           and my Father shall come to you, angry and sorrowful about what you have done to
           me and how you violated my sanctity. And then you shall know when knowledge will
           not beneﬁt you at all, whom you plotted against and which sanctity of Allah and
           Mohammed and Ali and their families, peace be upon them, you violated, O you who
           know no loyalty and abandon the Book, O you who are a group of sinners, twisters of
           the word and killers of the Prophets and their children, Allah will not allow you to get
           at my neck as He allowed you with my Grandfather Al-Hussein (PBUH). So this is the
           end and today is Allah’s Greater Day and this is a warning from the ﬁrst warnings
           and verily it is one of the big warnings. This is a warning to mankind and I shall
           return to my Father Mohammed ibn Al Hassan Al-Mahdi (PBUH) and tell him
           how you belied me and violated my sanctity, with your deceit and false accusations,
           and ﬁnally how you tried to imprison me and kill me, not for any crime, but only
           because you knew that the truth I had come with will not leave of your falsehoods
           anything. And you shake hands with those who deny the existence of Allah such as the
           communists and do not deny them anything. “O my people, if my residence and my
           reminding of the signs of Allah has become burdensome upon you – then I have relied
           upon Allah. So resolve upon your plan and [call upon] your associates. Then let not
           your plan be obscure to you. Then carry it out upon me and do not give me respite.” 20


This is the last known photograph of Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) taken in 2007
before his disappearance from Iraq (Figure 4).


Figure 4: Picture of Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) in 2007




20
     The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 10 (Yunus), Verse 71


                                                      472
                                             the yamani


                                      The Calf and the Samiri


Having killed and imprisoned many of Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan’s supporters, and with the Imam
having left Iraq, the next stage of the evil plan of the Shia institution was about to commence.
Unable to prove to the public that Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) or the believers in
him were guilty of any crime, they were forced to allow the remaining believers to freely practice
their faith in Iraq. They even allowed them to open o ces and publish o cial publications all
throughout the country. If the followers of Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) or the
Imam himself had been guilty of any crime, the government would have never allowed them to
open o cial o ces and centers of worship, operate a satellite station, and openly call people to the
faith. They allowed them to do all this, but under their control, not just in Iraq, but in the United
Kingdom, Australia, and other parts of the world as well.
   The Iranian and Iraqi intelligence services ended up in ltrating the religion at its highest
positions. They recruited some of the members of the faith as well and made them in charge of the
religion. They then brought someone to impersonate the voice of the Imam (From Him is Peace)
and had him record a sermon called the Sermon of Muharram. They opened for him a Facebook
page and set up an o cial o ce and claimed that the o ce was the only representative and door to
Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace). Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace)
would never be seen in public, nor would he appear in any video or photograph since 2007. But his
voice appearances would be many in the Paltalk room of the o ce. Almost all the believers in Imam
Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) believed that he was indeed behind the voice, the o ce, and
the Facebook page. That is, until 2015. This period from 2008 until 2015 is called the Fitnah
(Trial) of the Calf.
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) predicted that all of this would happen and for that reason he
had written a book and left it for his followers titled The Calf. The book referenced the trial that the
Children of Israel went through when Moses (PBUH) went away from them for a period of forty
days and nights, and the Samiri convinced them to build a Calf made of gold and worship it instead.
This Calf did not move nor was it alive, but it did make a sound, just as the voice behind the o ce,
the imposter, did. The believers in Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) gave the Calf (the
imposter voice and fake o ce) their money and they obeyed its every command, not knowing that
Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) had not communicated with any of them since 2007.
Many of the original followers of Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) became convinced
that he had died, and they decided to be a part of this conspiracy for the purposes of money and
power.




                                                  473
                                        The Goal of the Wise


                                         The Absence Years


Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) went into an absence and disappeared from Iraq,
taking along with him only a few of his most trusted and faithful companions. From those
companions was Aba Ja’far (PBUH) whose incarnation is the Mahdi Abraham (PBUH), and his
wife. When the Imam (From Him is Peace) was forced to leave, some of his companions had to
make extreme sacri ces in order to accompany him.
   One day the Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “I do not wish that he (Aba Ja’far) ever gets married
to another wife other than Umm Ja’far, he must remain with her as she is a very great woman and I
depend on her in a big way.”
   I said, “May I serve her and all those who serve you.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Do you know, son, that they left their children years ago in
order that they remain beside me and not be distracted by anything other than this Daawa (Call)?
Peace be upon them, they are extremely great.”
   I said, “How old were their children?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The youngest of their children was ﬁve months old and now
he is a young man.”
   I said, “Glory be to God! Five months old?!”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Imagine the magnitude of the sacriﬁce.”
   I said, “Yes, by your truth, they are indeed great in faith. Where did they leave them?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “They left them with believers who remained behind to raise
them.”
   I said, “I heard that you have many children with you in that community that Aba Ja’far is in.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Today there are 178 boys and girls under the age of 16.”
   I said, “How many are the members of the community with you, my Father?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “799, but that number increases and decreases.”
   I said, “Increases and decreases?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Because I send them to diﬀerent places on diﬀerent missions
and for works.”
   I said, “So they are preparing the Earth for you?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, they are participating in that.”
   I said, “Were they from the ones that were with you when you left Iraq?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, my son. A small group of them was. They are from
those who adore you, son. Your picture is everywhere.”
   I had never visited the community with the Imam (From Him is Peace) and the reasons for that
are many. I do not need to list them here, but it is part of the divine plan of God that I be kept away
from that community of believers, just as Joseph (PBUH) was kept away from his family for many
decades in Egypt until he was the one who told them “I am Joseph”, and just as Moses (PBUH) was


                                                  474
                                                    the yamani


kept away from his people for many years in Midian. When I would speak with the Imam (From
Him is Peace) it would be away from that community. The community with the Imam (From Him
is Peace) represents a group of the highest believers and angels. Some of them are from the 313 and
50, but not all of them.21 Some of the 313 and 50 are currently with me. Others, we are still waiting
for them to join us.
     On another occasion while describing the believers with him, the Imam (From Him is Peace)
said, “Look, O light of my eyes, those who are with me here are not shaken by anything. I shall give you
an example in order that you understand. If I told them that the Hujjah Mohammed ibn Al-Hassan
Al-Askari apostatized, they would not be aﬀected. They would be sad, but the strongest of storms does
not aﬀect them.”
     So, during the years of his absence, the Imam (From Him is Peace) left Iraq with a small group of
faithful believers and built a community which reached almost 800 individuals. These individuals
work to spread the religion all over the globe in order to pave the way for the Divine Just State.
Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) also lived during those years in some African
countries including Sudan, where he was accompanied by another one of his close companions,
Aba Al-Naseh (PBUH). The incarnation of Aba Al-Naseh (PBUH) is Habib ibn Mudhahir.22 He
was also an individual who was with the Imam (From Him is Peace) from the beginning. It was
during this time period that the Imam (From Him is Peace) was working as an engineer for a
company making $500 a month. He lived a very poor lifestyle and after paying his rent and buying
his food he would spend the rest of his monthly salary on spreading the Call.
     One day the Imam (From Him is Peace) spoke about that time and said, “I was living during
that time period next door to a Sudanese man who was a Salaﬁ. He knew that I was a Shia and he
considered me to be a disbeliever. Every day he would try to harm me by cutting oﬀ the electricity in my
home and every day I would have to go out and ﬁx the wires which he cut. He never confessed to doing
it nor did I ever tell him to stop. One day he walked up to me and pushed me with both his hands in
my chest in an attempt to knock me down. I grabbed his hands and held myself up.”
     I said, “He physically tried to attack you! God’s curse be upon him!”
     The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Don’t curse him, son, he doesn’t know any better. He is
ignorant, he thinks what he did was right. There are many people in the world like that. Pray for their
guidance, son, and work night and day to show them the truth.”
     I said, “I seek forgiveness from God, my Father.”



21
   Jabir Al-Jaa narrated from Abi Ja’far (From Him is Peace) that he said: “Three hundred and thirteen men including
    fty women will gather in Mecca without previous appointment, like autumn leaves, following one another, and it is
   the qur’anic verse which says: ‘Wherever you are, Allah will bring you all together. Surely Allah is Most Capable of
   everything.’ ” - Tafsir Al-Ayashi, Mohammed ibn Masoud Al-Ayashi, Vol. 1, p. 65
22
   One of the most famous companions of Imam Al-Hussein (From Him is Peace) in Karbala. He was one of those who
   wrote a letter inviting him to Kufa. Upon realizing that the people of Kufa had betrayed him, he joined the Imam in
   Karbala and was martyred in the battle of Karbala.


                                                         475
                                           The Goal of the Wise


   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “God bless you, son. You know there is not a night where I go
to sleep except that I ask God to forgive all of the believers.”
   I said, “Then this is what I shall do from now on.”
   Aba Michael (PBUH) narrates another story that occurred during the absence of the Imam
(From Him is Peace).


        Before the death of king Abdullah of Hijaz, Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is
        Peace) had begun to call forth and meet with some of the believers who had not yet met
        with him previously. On one particular night, the Imam (From Him is Peace) was
        waiting for one of the believers somewhere and so the believer went forth looking for the
        Imam (From Him is Peace) but he could not ﬁnd him. However, the believer did see
        an individual sitting at a distance on a large rock late at night. The believer was not
        sure if that was the Imam or not and so he did not approach the man. He returned
        home and apologized to the Imam (From Him is Peace) and said to him: “My
        Master, I looked for you in the place where we were supposed to meet, and I could not
        ﬁnd you. Were you the one who was sitting on the rock?” Do you know, my brother
        Abdullah, what the answer of the Imam was? The Imam (From Him is Peace)
        responded and said: “And what rock would handle my sitting upon it? Had I been
        sitting on it; the heavens and the earth would have shaken from hearing the rock
        screaming. I shall die and no one shall ever know my full rights.”


                                                  Sacri ces


One of the saddest things about the story of Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) is how
he had to give up and lose everything. When he left Iraq, it was the last time he would see his
mother and she passed away during his absence and he could not even attend her funeral. The
Imam (From Him is Peace) did not seem to be in touch with his children. I had heard stories that
were not too pleasant and although the Imam (From Him is Peace) always avoided talking about his
past, especially family matters, I could gather that his family were not with him and not from his
supporters.
   One day the Imam (From Him is Peace) said to me, “My fear over you and my love for you has no
boundaries, I have children from my loins that I have not thought of on any day nor did I fear for
them even one percent of my fear over you and love for you. I said not even one percent in order that I
make you realize, my sons and my daughters can go as a ransom for the dust of your feet.”
   I was extremely embarrassed at him saying this and I looked at the ground and said, “I ask
forgiveness from God, the High, the Great.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “I have three children, Abdullah and Moses and Zainab.
Those are the only ones whom God told me are my possessions and what I own from this world. My son,


                                                      476
                                              the yamani


in this Call I have seen great tragedies, and you know. There is no need to mention to you all that has
happened to me.”
   I said, “There is no power nor might except by God. My Father, every time I look at Maleeka, I
think of your children and what has happened to you prevents me from being happy. By God, there is
no time that I forget. I kiss your hands for you are a Father and the greatest of Fathers are you.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “God bless you, my son, thank you.”


                                            The Final Stage


The most important thing that Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) achieved during his
absence was reaching the nal stage. Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) has played a
vital role in this day and age. As we mentioned previously in this Book, Prophet Mohammed
(PBUH & His Family) reached the rank of God in Creation and was given authority to send forth
Messengers. He was the nal Messenger from God, and he sent forth the Imams and the Mahdis
(PBUT) as Messengers from him. Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) plays the role of
Gabriel (PBUH) in this stage. He is the one who carries the inspiration or message from Imam
Mahdi Mohammed, the Messenger of God (PBUH & His Family) to the Mahdis (PBUT). Imam
Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) is the whole of inspiration in this day and age.
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The clear opening, perfection in knowing, complete gnosis.”
   I said, “Aha! The Dissolution?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The ﬁnal stage, the last one, is giving up everything. It is the
real truth, perfection.”
   Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) has reached the nal stage of perfection and has
elevated beyond being captive to human sensations and desires. He has become something greater
than an Imam or a Mahdi. For example, Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) does not
have any sexual desires or instincts. The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “I do not have that instinct
for I have left my mind and nafs (self) and body a long time ago.”
   I have also always known Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) to sleep very little and
to go long periods without any sleep at all. At times he would go six days straight without any sleep.
   On one occasion, the Imam (From Him is Peace) came to me and said, “Your Father has not slept
for three days.”
   I said, “There is no power nor might except by God! Why my Father?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “I had many works that I had to do. I only need a few
minutes of sleep, it is enough for me.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) would often work in mysterious ways. He (From Him is Peace)
has the ability to travel long distances in an instant. He (From Him is Peace) has the ability to use
the dream world as a way of communicating. He has the ability to know whenever I was in trouble
or whenever I needed him. Whenever I would need the Imam (From Him is Peace) and I would call


                                                   477
                                               The Goal of the Wise


out to him in my heart, he would hear me and contact me almost immediately. Many times, the
Imam (From Him is Peace) would come to me in a dream and give me information and it would
turn out to be true. For example, one of the more remarkable instances was when the Imam (From
Him is Peace) had been gone for a while on a mission, and I had not spoken to him for a few
months. I had a dream one night in which the Imam (From Him is Peace) came to me and said,
“Tonight I shall speak to you” and indeed that night he came back and exactly as in the dream he did
speak with me that night as promised.
      This is, in fact, very important because that is how his meetings with Imam Mahdi (PBUH &
His Family) started, he saw the Imam in a dream and the Imam told him to meet him at a particular
place. In the Sermon of the Meeting Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said:


           And the story of this meeting was that one day I was asleep and in my sleep I saw a
           vision. And Imam Mahdi (PBUH) was standing near the Mausoleum of Sayyed
           Mohammed (PBUH), the brother of Imam Al-Askari (PBUH). And he ordered me to
           meet him and after that I woke up and it was 2 a.m. And I prayed four Rakat of the
           night prayer. And I went to sleep and saw another vision that was similar to the
           previous one. And in it Imam Mahdi (PBUH) was asking to meet me. And I woke up
           and it was 4 a.m. and so I ﬁnished my night prayers and then prayed Fajr. Then two
           days after these visions, I traveled to Samarra where I visited the two Imams Al-Hadi
           and Al-Askari (PBUT). Then I returned to the country where I visited Sayyed
           Mohammed (PBUH). Then I went to Baghdad where I visited the Imams Al-Kathim
           and Al-Jawad (PBUT). Then I went to Karbala where I visited Imam Al-Hussein
           and the martyrs (PBUT). And I met Imam Mahdi (PBUH) at night in the
           Mausoleum of Imam Al-Hussein (PBUH). Then I met with Imam Mahdi (PBUH)
           in the morning of the next day in the shrine of Imam Mahdi (PBUH), that is in
           Karbala at the end of the Sudra street. So we sat in the shrine alone, which was almost
           empty of people, with the exception of the servant (of the shrine) who was standing in
           the women’s prayer area away from us.


The Imam (From Him is Peace) also had the ability to know if a person was in a state of doubt,
belief, or disbelief. He would never show it though. Rather, he would deal with the person by the
apparent in order not to embarrass them and because the people would always claim faith. Jesus
(PBUH) had the same ability, and it is mentioned in the Qur’an: “But when Jesus became conscious of
their disbelief, he cried: Who will be my helpers in the cause of Allah? The disciples said: We will be
Allah’s helpers. We believe in Allah, and bear thou witness that we have surrendered (unto Him).”23
Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) once said to me, “How diﬃcult is this my son, how
23
     The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 3 (Al-Imran), Verse 52



                                                       478
                                              the yamani


diﬃcult, that someone says to you, ‘May my life be your ransom’ and you say to them, ‘May you be
blessed,’ while you see the opposite [of what they are saying], you see them lying and being a hypocrite.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) has the ability to look at a person’s face and by the rst glance he
would be able to tell who they were in a past life. He could tell incarnations of a person and every
detail about their life. He could tell when they were born and when they will die. He also could tell
by looking at their face whether it was a good time or a bad time for them to hear a particular piece
of knowledge or news. Almost every attribute or ability of God, the Imam (From Him is Peace) had
gained after the clear opening.


                                  My Relationship With the Imam


Some of the things which perhaps the reader wonders about are how I came to know Imam Ahmed
Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace). How long have I known him for? What was our rst meeting like?
If you asked him (From Him is Peace) these questions he would answer you with these words, “I
have never left him from the day that he entered into this world.”




                                                   479
The Goal of the Wise




        480
             Door Number Thirty-Six


  Imam Mahdi (pbuh & his family)




“Baqiyat Allah (The Remnant of God) is better for you
                if you are believers.”
                                              The Goal of the Wise


                      he Twelfth Imam, the Hidden Imam, the Remnant of God, the Companion of
                      the Time and Age, are but a few titles of my Grandfather, Mohammed ibn
                      Al-Hassan Al-Askari (PBUH & His Family). Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family)
                      was born on the 15th of Shaban in the year 869 C.E. and has been alive ever since.
He went into an absence due to the plots to kill him by the children of Iblis. In the Holy Qur’an, he
is described as the nal remaining part of God: “The Remnant of Allah is better for you if you are
believers.”1 Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family) is the reincarnation of Prophet Mohammed
(PBUH & His Family) and as mentioned previously in the Book, after the Prophet (PBUH & His
Family) reached the rank of two bows or less, he became God in Creation. Today he appears in the
image of a man in his mid-thirties with brown hair and green eyes and he has a thick beard and
mustache. His hands and arms have a lot of hair. He appears much younger than Imam Ahmed
Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace).


                                   Why Imam Mahdi has Appeared Today


      One day Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said to me, “One day without knowing
who I am, someone said to me, ‘If someone would have told me 10 or 15 years ago that Imam Mahdi
(PBUH) has appeared, I would have never believed it, but now I not only believe, but I am sure that he
has appeared.’ ”
      I said, “Glory be to God.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “I asked him, ‘Why do you say so, O Hajji?’ And he
responded saying, ‘From what I have seen from people who are submissive and true believers.’ I said,
‘Who have you seen?’ The man responded, ‘A group called the companions of the Black Banners of the
East, they have a room on Paltalk. They are prepared to do anything to support Imam Mahdi
(PBUH). I said to myself, if Imam Mahdi (PBUH) didn’t appear then by God, the shortcoming
would have been from him.’ He meant by him, the Master, our Father (PBUH).”
      I said, “Wow, Glory be to God!”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “I said to him: ‘You have spoken the truth, O Hajji.’ That
was the end of what happened.”
      I said, “God is Great! God is Great! God is Great!”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “And I say to you my son, by God, by God, by God! And it is
a great and heavy swear. If there were only a hundred people like you present on the Earth 10,000
years ago, Adam (PBUH) would have been granted ability in the land by God. He would have ﬁlled it
up with justice and equity. Iblis would have had no power in it.”
      I said, “May God send His prayers and blessings upon Mohammed and the Family of
Mohammed, the Imams and the Mahdis! God is Great!”


1
    The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 11 (Hud), Verse 86


                                                     482
                                  Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family)


   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “And today you are here, so I swear by God and His
Greatness, verily our State shall be established by your hands and your pure believing sincere hearts
that have no boundaries.”
   Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family) was absent for the lack of believers but now because of the
existence of true believers, it was a duty upon Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family) to appear. The
Muslims previously thought that it was them who were waiting for Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His
Family), but it was actually Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family) who was waiting for us. The
traditions and narrations mentioned that the Imam would appear if he only had 313 true believers.
This means that before his appearance, and even for the most part after his appearance, the 1.9
billion Muslims on the planet are not adequate believers or there is something wrong with their
religion and faith.


                          Imam Mahdi’s Initial Communications to Me


One day Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) delivered to me the following letter from
my Grandfather Imam Mahdi Mohammed ibn Al-Hassan (PBUH & His Family),


        Peace be upon you and the Mercy of God and His Blessings,


        As I have waited for my son Ahmed, I have waited for you all these long years until
        patience grew tired of my patience. Here you are now, all thanks are due to God,
        blessed in the religion of God, while leading men that, by God, are from the best of
        men. Work hard in the cause of God and do not grow tired, for verily God hears and
        sees.


        And Peace be upon you and the Mercy of God and His Blessings.


        Imam Mahdi Mohammed ibn Al-Hassan Al-Askari (PBUH)


My companions and I sold our homes, and possessions, and gave up all of our worldly belongings to
Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) and Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family) in order to
further the cause. At the time, we did not care about our own situation or what would happen to
us. We just wanted to participate in any way, shape, or form in the establishment of a Divine Just
State and help guide people to the truth.
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) initially refused to accept and said, “My heart does not allow me
to accept that you sell your home, son, where shall you go?” I refused to accept his refusal. I insisted on
selling my house and continued to push him to accept, until he nally did. After that, many of my
brothers and sisters wanted to do the same and join me on my path towards a Divine Just State. I


                                                   483
                                          The Goal of the Wise


raised their request to the Imam (From Him is Peace) and he said to me, “This matter requires the
permission of the Master, the Father (PBUH).”
   After a few days I said to the Imam (From Him is Peace), “Did you hear back from Imam Mahdi
(PBUH & His Family) concerning what I had asked?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, my son.”
   I said, “What is it, my Father?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The Master and Father (PBUH) said the following:
‘Whoever wants to do this and join our son Abdullah, then we welcome them.’ ”
   Many people began to contribute to the cause. Javed Al-Ghaniubillah, Waqar Shah, Qadeer
Shah, and others from the UK were amongst the rst to support. Noor Fatimah was the rst from
Ireland to support with everything she had. Dr. Ali Al-Ghorai and his wife Aliaa from Sweden
sold their car and home and gave it all to the cause. Remi Huillet gave all he had. Mohammed
Hossam also gave all he had and promised to sell his car as well. I took all this news to the Imam
(From Him is Peace), and he became extremely emotional.
   I said, “And Noor is asking for you to pray for her and to forgive her shortcoming in your right.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “May God grant this woman goodness in her children and
trade each one of her sins with 10 good deeds. I ask that God does not prevent her from going to
paradise and may she be placed with the righteous ones.”
   I said, “All thanks are due to God.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The preference goes back to God in all of this and then after
that to you, my son.”
   I said, “If it were not for you, I would have been lost.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “May God grant you goodness, son, God forbid that you ever
be lost whilst you are the son of Ahmed and Mohammed.”
   I said, “There is also Manal Hallal and her siblings who want to donate their property in Lebanon
and are selling their apartment and furniture!”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “If those believers were present in 1999, we would have
already been living in the Divine Just State for over a decade now.”
   I said, “My Father, the faith of the Egyptians and the non-Arabs and their love for you is great!”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) began to weep and said, “My tears are running down my cheeks
from extreme happiness, by God you have raised my head and made me proud of you in front of every
Imam from the Family of Mohammed and in front of the angels of God and all of His Messengers. I
apologize, for my tears keep coming down and I cannot concentrate. Forgive me, my son. I shall return
to you, I cannot control myself. Peace and Mercy of God be upon you.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) left and returned after a while and apologized for leaving like
that. I said to him, “I just ask God that you are pleased with us, my Father.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “By God, God is pleased with you all entirely and
completely.”


                                                    484
                                          Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family)


      I said, “I am your support and back and I will always be there for you.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “You are the best of supporters and backs.”
      I said, “Did you tell Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family)? And was he pleased?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, he was extremely happy, and he prostrated to God in
thanks and prayed that God protects you all and grants you all success and enforcement.”


                                               Imam Mahdi’s Humility


      One day I said to Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “I feel like a shortcomer.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “That is the feeling of every believer, even Imam Mahdi
(PBUH) says ‘I am a shortcomer’ and I feel like an extreme shortcomer to the point that I do not sleep
at night.”
      I said, “Glory be to God. Peace be upon you and upon Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family), but
you and the Imam (PBUH & His Family), neither one of you are shortcomers, as for me though, I
must be.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “We are all shortcomers my son, because God gives us a lot in
exchange for what we give Him which is so little. And even that little which we give Him is not from us,
rather it is all by His Grace. So we do not even have any favor in it.”


                                              Imam Mahdi’s Personality


      One day the Imam (From Him is Peace) said to me, “The Prophet of God (PBUH & His Family)
used to joke with the people a lot and Ali ibn Abi Talib (PBUH) did as well. The cursed Omar ibn
Al-Khattab used to say, ‘If it were not for the joking of Ali, he would have been a great leader.’ 2 That
coward wanted to judge Ali ibn Abi Talib (PBUH) and impose his own personality on the people and
see the people as copies of himself, may God curse him.”
      I said, “Is the personality of Omar in that time the same as his personality today?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Just about.”
      I said, “And what about Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family)?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “As for Imam Mahdi (PBUH), I have never seen him joke
in my entire life.”
      I said, “There is nothing funny about this age that we are in.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “You have told the truth, my son.”
      On another occasion the Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Your Grandfather loves you very
much.”
      I said, “And I love him very, very much.”
2
    “In the hadith of Omar, the Caliphate of Ali was mentioned to him, so he said: ‘If it was not for his joking.’ ”
     - Manaqib Ahlul-Bayt, Haidar Al-Sheyrawani, p. 454


                                                              485
                                              The Goal of the Wise


    The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “And he (PBUH & His Family) says that you resemble him
in temperament and personality traits and movements and power of logic, except that he does it in
Arabic while you do it in English.”
    I said, “Glory be to God.”
    The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Your voice is beautiful, my son, but your Arabic is not
ﬂuent, your tongue is not ﬂuent in the Arabic language, but your voice is a carbon copy of your
Grandfather Mohammed ibn Al-Hassan Al-Askari’s voice (PBUH) as well as the voice of your
Grandfather, the Greater Truthful, Ali ibn Abi Talib (PBUH).”


                                          Imam Mahdi’s Messengers


    One day someone asked Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “Were there Messengers
from Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family) before you?”
    The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes.”
    They asked, “Who?”
    The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Before me was Jesus Aba Ahmed and before him was Abbas
Aba Mohammed.” (This is referring to the return of Jesus of Nazareth in this age prior to 1999, the
year of the Yamani’s appearance. It is interesting to note here that there are traditions that state that
the Yamani takes the banner from Jesus the son of Mary (PBUH)).3
    I said, “Did he send other Messengers throughout the past 1,200 years?”4
    The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes.”
    I said, “So were some of these calls and religions that started in the past 1,200 years actually started
by Messengers from Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family)?”
    The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, without a shadow of a doubt.”
    I said, “What happened to these Messengers?”
    The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Some were killed, others were mocked, and others failed and
were erased just like some Messengers were.”


                                          Imam Mahdi’s Knowledge


    I asked Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “Do you understand all languages?”
    The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Not all languages, but your Grandfather understands the
language of all creatures in the world.”


3
  Imam Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace) said: “Then the Mahdi, the guiding and the guided, who shall take the banner
   from the hand of Jesus the son of Mary shall emerge.” - Al-Malahim wal Fitan, Al-Sayyid ibn Tawus, Vol. 1, p. 263
4
  At this time we will not specify which religious movements over this period were from Imam Mahdi, since this is a
   complex issue that requires more detailed attention to each movement’s true aspects as well as their distortions,
   deliberate deviations, corruptions, and usurpation of divinely appointed successorship.


                                                         486
                                     Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family)


                            M-H-M-D & The Tetragrammaton (Y-H-W-H)


It is very interesting to note that in the Holy Will of Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) it
states when speaking about Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family): “And let Al-Hassan (PBUH)
hand it over to his son, Mohammed the Safeguarded of the Family of Mohammed (PBUH &
Them).”5 The interesting part is that in the Arabic text it actually states: “And let Al-Hassan
(PBUH) hand it over to his son, M-H-M-D the Safeguarded of the Family of Mohammed (PBUH &
Them).”6 This is one of the many mysteries of the Holy Will of Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His
Family) which can only be revealed by its companion. We provide the following image from the
book of Bihar Al-Anwar as proof (Figure 1):


Figure 1: M-H-M-D (‫ )م ح م د‬in the Holy Will (Circled)




Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 53, p. 148 - Shia Online Library


There are many other traditions and narrations where Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family) is
referred to as simply M-H-M-D (‫( )م ح م د‬PBUH & His Family) and it is strictly forbidden by the
Imams (From Them is Peace) to even name his name. Imam Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace) said:
“The companion of this matter is a man who is not called by his name except by a disbeliever.”7 Imam
Al-Ridha (From Him is Peace) said: “His body is not seen, and he is not called by his name.”8 From

5
  Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 53, p. 148
6
  Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 53, p. 148
7
  Al-Kaﬁ, Al-Shaikh Al-Kulayni, Vol. 1, p. 333
8
  Al-Kaﬁ, Al-Shaikh Al-Kulayni, Vol. 1, p. 333


                                                           487
                                                The Goal of the Wise


that time on, the Shia referred to him as the four letters, M-H-M-D (‫)م ح م د‬. The early Shias knew
this tradition. In Judaism, there is something called the Tetragrammaton which means the
four-letter Hebrew theonym, or the proper name of God, Y-H-W-H (‫)יְ הֹ וָ ֥ה‬.9
    In Judaism, when Moses (PBUH) asked God what His name is, and what he should call God
when the people ask him, God simply responds to Moses (PBUH) by saying: “I AM THAT I AM”
(Ehyeh-Asher-Ehyeh); and He said, “Thus shalt thou say unto the children of Israel: ‘I AM (Ehyeh)
hath sent me unto you.’ ”10 Jewish traditions mention that to pronounce or write the true name of
God is utterly prohibited and they even state: “He who pronounces the Name with its own letters has
no part in the world to come!”11 When referring to “the name” the term Ha-Shem (‫השם‬, hšm), which
means “The (Greater) Name” is used. It is only within Shia Islam and Judaism that we have these
two names that are abbreviated to four letters and forbidden to be pronounced.
    The pronunciation of the true name of God in both religions is associated with supreme powers
and abilities to command great miracles. Narrations from the Ahlul-Bayt (From Them is Peace)
mention that one of the things which the Riser/Qaim (From Him is Peace) will do, is recite the true
name of God in Hebrew. Imam Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace) said: “When the Imam gives
permission, he will supplicate to God by His greater name in Hebrew and his 313 companions shall
come to him like the leaves of fall.”12 Is there a relationship between Y-H-W-H (‫ )יְ הֹ וָ ֥ה‬and M-H-M-D
(‫ ?)م ح م د‬Is M-H-M-D (‫ )م ح م د‬the Arabic version of Y-H-W-H (‫ ?)יְ הֹ וָ ֥ה‬Is it the true name of the
Twelfth Imam that the Riser/Qaim will recite or is it something else?
    In the Book of Monotheism by Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), there is a narration
by Imam Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace) which is quoted. Imam Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace) says:


         Verily, when God took His Prophet (PBUH & His Family) to His seven heavens, as for
         the ﬁrst of them He blessed him, as for the second one He taught him the obligatory acts
         in religion, so God brought down a container with forty types of light, it was
         surrounding the throne of God and it would blind the eyes of the onlookers, as for one
         of them it became yellow and for that reason yellow became yellow, and one of them
         was red and because of that red became red, and one of them was white and from that
         whiteness became white, and the remaining were upon the numbers of creation from
         light...then He raised him to the heavens and the angels escaped to the corners of the sky
         and fell down in prostration and they said: “Glory Holy, how much does this light
         resemble the light of our Lord!” So Gabriel said: “God is Greater, God is Greater!”
         Then the doors of the heavens were opened and the angels gathered and greeted the

9
  The 4 letters M-H-M-D (‫ )מַ חְ ַמ֥ ד‬also appear throughout the Torah; however, it is translated as a word with a
 variety of meanings such as dear, desirable, delightful, pleasant thing, or lovely. See for example Song of Songs
 5:16, Isaiah 64:10 (JPS Hebrew-English Bible, 1985 or 64:11 King James Bible), Ezekiel 24:16.
10
   The Holy Bible, Book of Exodus, Chapter 3, Verse 14
11
   Mishnah (Oral Torah), Sanhedrin 10:1, Koren-Steinsaltz
12
   Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 52, p. 368


                                                            488
                         Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family)


Prophet (PBUH & His Family) in large groups and said: “O Mohammed, how is your
brother? If you go back down send him our greetings!” So the Prophet (PBUH & His
Family) said: “Do you know him?” They said: “And how do we not know him, and a
Covenant was taken from us concerning you and him and his Shia (followers) until
the Day of Resurrection. And verily, we examine the faces of his Shia every day and
night ﬁve times - they meant by that during the times of the prayers - and verily, we
send prayers upon you and upon him.” He said: “Then my Lord increased me forty
types of light that do not resemble the ﬁrst light and He increased me in rings and
chains and He took me up to the second heaven. When I approached the door of the
second heaven, the angels scattered to the edges of the heavens and fell in prostration
and said: “Glory Holy! Lord of the angels and spirit! How much does this light
resemble the light of our Lord!” So Gabriel said: “I bear witness that there is no God
but Allah, I bear witness that there is no God but Allah.” So the angels gathered and
said: “O Gabriel, who is that with you?” He said: “This is Mohammed.” They asked:
“Was he sent?” He said: “Yes.” The Prophet said: “So they went forth almost hugging
me and greeted me and said: “Tell your brother we send our greetings.” I said: “Do you
know him?” They said: “And how do we not know him, and a Covenant was taken
from us concerning you and him and his Shia until the Day of Resurrection. And
verily we examine the faces of his Shia every day and night ﬁve times,” they meant by
that during the times of the prayers. He said: “Then my Lord increased me forty types
of light that do not resemble the ﬁrst lights and he took me up to the third heaven. The
angels scattered to the edges of the heavens and fell in prostration and said: “Glory
Holy! Lord of the angels and spirit! How much does this light resemble the light of our
Lord!” So Gabriel said: “I bear witness that Mohammed is the Messenger of God, I
bear witness that Mohammed is the Messenger of God.” So the angels gathered and
said: “Greetings to the Alpha and the Omega, Greetings to the one who gathers and
who spreads, Mohammed the best of the Prophets and Ali the best of the vicegerents.”
The Prophet said: “And then they greeted me and asked me about my brother and so I
said: ‘He is on Earth, do you know him?’ They said: ‘How do we not know him, and we
make pilgrimage to the House every year and there is a white parchment upon it that
has the name of Mohammed and the name of Ali and Al-Hassan and Al-Hussein
(PBUT) and their Shia until the Day of Resurrection and verily, we bless them every
day and night ﬁve times,’ they meant by this during the times of prayers and they wipe
their heads with their hands.” He said: “Then my Lord increased me forty types of
light that do not resemble the ﬁrst lights and He took me up until we reached the fourth
heaven, and the angels did not say anything. I heard some humming as if it were in
the chests, so the angels came to me and opened the doors of the heavens and came to me
almost hugging, so Gabriel said: “Come to the prayer, come to the prayer, come to


                                          489
                                  The Goal of the Wise


success, come to success.” So the angels said: “Two known voices.” So Gabriel said:
“Prayer is established, prayer is established.” So the angels said: “It is for his Shia until
the Day of Resurrection.” Then the angels gathered and said: “How did you leave your
brother?” I said to them: “Do you know him?” They said: “We know him and his Shia
and they are a light around the throne of God and there is a parchment of light in the
Baytul Ma'mur that has the name of Mohammed and Ali and Al-Hassan and
Al-Hussein and the Imams and their Shia until the Day of Resurrection, they do not
increase nor decrease a man, and it is our Covenant and it is read to us every Friday.”
Then it was said to me: “Raise your head, O Mohammed.” So I raised my head and
there were layers of the heavens that were pierced and the veils were raised, then it was
said to me: “Look down with your head. What do you see?” I looked down and I saw a
house like your house (A Kaaba like your Kaaba) and a sanctuary like the sanctuary
of this house, if I threw something from my hand it would have fallen on it.” So God
inspired me and said: “O Mohammed, verily this is the sanctuary and you are the
sanctuary and for everything is an example. O Mohammed, approach Sad (Arabic
letter ‫ )ص‬and wash your body parts that you prostrate with and purify it and pray to
your Lord.” So the Messenger of God approached Sad (‫)ص‬, and it is a water which is
ﬂowing from the right side of the foot of the throne. The Messenger of Allah took forth
the water with his right hand and because of this, ablution was to be performed with
the right hand. Then God inspired him to wash his face saying: “You are looking at my
Greatness. Then wash your right hand and your left one, for verily you are receiving
my speech with your hands, then wipe your head with that which remains in your
hands from water and your feet to its ankles. I am blessing you and I am giving you a
place that no one else has been given before.” This is the reason for the Athan (call to
prayer) and the ablution. Then God inspired him saying: “O Mohammed, receive the
Black Stone and praise Me in the number of My veils.” And for that reason the
number of takbirs is seven, because the veils were seven, and they were opened when the
veils were cut. For that reason the opening was a sunnah (tradition) and the veils were
equal, between them a sea of light and that light was brought down by God on
Mohammed. So from that, the opening is three times because of the opening of the veils
three times, so the takbir was seven and the opening was three. So when he ﬁnished
making takbir and opening, God inspired him: “Say My name.” And for that reason,
“In the Name of God, the Most Beneﬁcent, the Most Merciful” was in the beginning
of the Surah (Chapter). Then God inspired him to praise Him, and he said: “All
praises due to God, Lord of the Worlds.” The Prophet said to himself: “Thank you.” So
God inspired him saying: “You have cut My praise so call by My name.” And for that
reason he made in the praise, “The Most Beneﬁcent, the Most Merciful” twice. So
when he reached “And not the misguided” the Prophet said: “All thanks due to God,


                                            490
                         Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family)


Lord of the Worlds. Thank you.” So God inspired him saying: “You have cut My
mention so name by My name.” For that reason He made “In the Name of God, the
Most Beneﬁcent, the Most Merciful” in the beginning of the Surah. Then God
inspired him saying: “O Mohammed, read, “Say, “He is Allah, [who is] One, Allah,
the Eternal Refuge. He neither begets nor is born, nor is there to Him any equivalent.”
Then the inspiration was held from him, so the Prophet of Allah said: “The One, the
Only Eternal Refuge.” So God inspired him saying: “He neither begets nor is born, nor
is there any equivalent to Him.” Then He held His inspiration from him so the
Messenger of God said, “As such is God, as such is our Lord.” So when he said that God
inspired him saying: “Bow down to your Lord, Mohammed,” Mohammed bowed and
God inspired him while he was bowing: “Glory be to my Great God.” So he said so
three times, so then God inspired him saying: “Raise your head, O Mohammed,” so the
Messenger of God did so and stood upright. So God inspired him saying: “Prostrate to
your Lord, O Mohammed.” So Mohammed fell down in prostration. So God inspired
him saying: “Glory be to my Lord, the Most High.” So he did that thrice, then God
inspired him saying: “Sit down, O Mohammed.” So he did so. And when he raised his
head from his prostration and sat looking at the greatness which had manifested to
him, he fell into prostration a second time from himself not by command, and he also
gloriﬁed thrice so God inspired him again to sit up, so he did so, and because of the
greatness of what he saw, prayer became with one bow and prostration became twice.
Then God inspired him saying: “Read, ‘all praises due to God.’ ” So he read it as he
read the ﬁrst one and then God inspired him saying: “Read, ‘Verily, We brought it
down,’ for verily it is concerning your lineage and the lineage of your household until
the Day of Resurrection.” And he did, as he bowed in the ﬁrst time, and he prostrated
a single prostration and then God inspired him saying: “Raise your head, O
Mohammed, your Lord has made you ﬁrm.” So when he went to get up it was said to
him: “O Mohammed, sit.” So he sat and God inspired him saying: “O Mohammed,
whenever I bless you, say My name.” So He inspired him until he said: “In the Name
of God and by God and there is no God but God and all the good names are for God.”
And then God inspired him saying: “O Mohammed, send prayers upon yourself and
your household.” So he said: “May God send His prayers upon me and upon my
household.” So he turned and saw rows of angels and Messengers and Prophets and it
was said: “O Mohammed, send your greetings to them.” He said: “Peace be upon you
and the Mercy of God and His Blessings.” And so God inspired him saying: “Verily,
Peace and Greetings and Mercy and Blessings are upon you and your descendants.”
Then God inspired him to not look to the left and the ﬁrst verse which he heard after
“Say God is One” and “Verily, We brought it down” was the verse about the
companions of the right, and the companions of the left. So for that reason the greeting


                                          491
                                                The Goal of the Wise


           was one towards the qibla (direction) and for that reason the takbir was in prostration
           with thanks and His words, “God has heard he who praises Him,” because the Prophet
           (PBUH & His Family) heard the noise of the angels praising and glorifying and
           praying and for that reason he said: “God has heard those who praise Him.” 13


As we can see from the above narration, Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) was taken on
the Night Journey, a mystical journey in which the roof of the Prophet’s home opened up and
Gabriel (PBUH) descended and took him on a Night Journey from his home all the way to God.
According to the narrations, he reached a station that even Gabriel (PBUH) didn’t reach. It seems
before this point, Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) needed Gabriel (PBUH) to deliver to him the
inspiration from God and after this point Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) did not need him
anymore. He reached a position where only a green veil stood there between him and God. He was
able to look into the veil, and he was lled with the light of God. Then Mohammed (PBUH & His
Family) turned into a state where he was oscillating between himself and God. He became God in
Creation, speaking and acting by God’s commands and lled with God’s light and spirit and even
responding for God: “God has heard those who praise Him.” Mohammed (PBUH & His Family)
became the temple and dwelling place of God’s spirit. After this, Mohammed (PBUH & His
Family) was instructed to pray. He found himself praying next to the Prophets and Messengers
(PBUT). We know that the Prophet (PBUH & His Family) prayed with the Prophets and
Messengers in Jerusalem during the Night Journey. Therefore, he received the spirit of Y-H-W-H in
Jerusalem. The Holy Qur’an mentions the story in a Chapter (Surah) named after the journey,
Surah Al-Isra (The Night Journey): “Glory be to the One Who took His servant ˹Mohammed˺ by
night from the Sacred Sanctuary to the Farthest Sanctuary whose surroundings We have blessed, so
that We may show him some of Our signs. Indeed, He alone is the All-Hearing, All-Seeing.”14




13
     Al-Kaﬁ, Al-Shaikh Al-Kulayni, Vol. 3, pp. 483-486
14
     The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 17 (Al-Isra), Verse 1


                                                         492
                                     Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family)


Figure 2: Moses & Joshua (PBUT) Bowing Before the Ark




Moses and Joshua in the Tabernacle (c. 1896-1902) by James Tissot, The Jewish Museum


Regarding the Ark of the Covenant, the Holy Qur’an states: “And their Prophet said to them: ‘Indeed,
a sign of his kingship is that the Ark will come to you in which is assurance from your Lord and a
Remnant of what the family of Moses and the family of Aaron had left, carried by the angels. Indeed
in that is a sign for you, if you are believers.’ ”15 It is known that the Spirit of God/Remnant of God
dwelt in the Ark of the Covenant. In the Torah, it says: “There I will meet with you, and from above
the mercy seat, from between the two cherubim that are on the ark of the testimony, I will speak with
you about all that I will give you in commandment for the people of Israel.”16 Then He commanded
Moses and the Israelites to build for Him a home in Jerusalem: “And let them construct a sanctuary
for Me, that I may dwell among them.”17




15
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 2 (Al-Baqarah), Verse 248
16
   The Holy Bible, Book of Exodus, Chapter 25, Verse 22
17
   The Holy Bible, Book of Exodus, Chapter 25, Verse 8


                                                          493
                                                     The Goal of the Wise


The Ark of the Covenant is the place from where God would speak to the Prophets and Messengers
(PBUT) and it was to be kept in the Holiest of Holies, a room at the very end of the Temple. The
Spirit of Y-H-W-H (‫ )יְ הֹ וָ ֥ה‬would dwell in the Ark in the Temple Mount in Jerusalem.18
      The signi cance of Mohammed’s (PBUH & His Family) Night Journey (Al-’Isrā’ wal-Miʿrāj) to
the Temple Mount in Jerusalem becomes clear. Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) becomes the
new Temple or dwelling place of the Spirit of Y-H-W-H (‫ )יְ הֹ וָ ֥ה‬and Mohammed becomes
M-H-M-D (‫)م ح م د‬. It then becomes M-H-M-D (‫)م ح م د‬, who sends forth the Messengers, the
Imams and Mahdis, (PBUT) to the nations of the world. As the chosen people of Israel had with
them the Divine Creator dwelling in their midst and speaking to them from the Ark of the
Covenant, the chosen people of God today have the Creator with them too who speaks to them and
dwells in their midst through the Remnant of God, Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family).
      Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said, “Now the Divine Creator is present.”
      I said, “You mean Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family)?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Allah. And you shall say, who is Allah?”
      I said, “Who is He?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Who represents Him today on Earth? The Remnant of
Allah, Mohammed ibn Al-Hassan (PBUH). The Remnant of God. What is your understanding of
this sentence?”
      I said, “What remains of Mohammed and Fatimah and the Imams (From Them is Peace)?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The Remnant of God, therefore, who remains from the
fourteen Infallibles?”
      I said, “Mohammed ibn Al-Hassan (PBUH & His Family).”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Therefore, he is the one remaining, therefore he is God, and
God is him.”
      We want to be clear that we are not stating that Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family), the human
being, esh and bones, is the Absolute Creator. Rather, what we are saying is that the representative
of God, Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family) is the container of the will of God. In him is the light
of God and He speaks through Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family). Imam Mahdi’s (PBUH & His
Family) actions and words are the words and actions of God. Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family)
is the Ark of the Covenant and from within him God speaks. Therefore, Imam Mahdi (PBUH &
His Family) is our Lord but not our God. He is the Lord through whom God speaks, just as the



18
     The Ark of the Covenant ‫( אֲ רוֹן הַ בְּ ִרית‬A’aron Ha-berit) or the Ark of the Testimony ‫( אֲ ֣רוֹן הָ ﬠֵ דֻ ֑ת‬A’aron Ha-a’dot) or
     the Ark of God ‫( אֲ רוֹן־יְ הוָה‬A’aron Y-H-W-H) was the most sacred symbol of the Israelites and represented the
     physical manifestation of God’s presence, supreme power, and the Holy Spirit. It contained all the divine secrets
     including the two Tablets and was carried by the Levites (priestly functionaries) during wandering in the wilderness.
     It was stored in the Temple in Jerusalem by King David and King Solomon; however, after the destruction of the
     Second Temple, its location became unknown. According to Jewish tradition, it will be restored by the Mashiach
     (Messiah) when the Third Temple is rebuilt.


                                                                 494
                                        Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family)


Ark is a physical object which is not God, but God spoke through it and dwelt in it.19 Therefore, we
     nd the narrations of Mohammed and the Family of Mohammed (From Them is Peace) stating
that the one who spoke to Moses (PBUH) from the burning bush on Mount Sinai (who is Y H W
H for the Jews) is the Prince of the Believers Ali ibn Abi Talib, or one of the Mahdis (PBUT).20 If Y
H W H or the spirit of God can dwell in a bush or an Ark, then He can also dwell in a human
being.


          The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Your Lord is Mohammed ibn Al-Hassan (PBUH).”




19
   The word (Rab) in Arabic doesn’t necessarily refer to Allah (The God). For example, a homemaker is referred to as
   “Rab al-bayt” or “Lord of the House.” In the Holy Qur’an (Chapter 12, Verse 42) the King of Egypt is referred to as
   ‘Rab’ meaning Lord or Master. In the Book of Monotheism, Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) clari es
   this issue. For example, he states: “Godhood ([“Uluhiyya” in Arabic]) is like Lordship ([“Rububiyya” in
   Arabic])...And just as “Lord” can be said about the father in regards to his sons, for he is the lord of the family, if what
   we are looking at from his relationship with his sons is him and what he over ows upon them, as such, the
   attribute of God can be given to the father, if what we are looking at from his relationship with his sons is them and
   what they ask/demand from him. Therefore, the image of the Divine can be given to the special ones from the
   Prophets of Allah and His Messengers who were truly the image of Allah (swt) in Creation.” (p. 83)
20
   “Then expect the appearance of the one who spoke to Moses from the tree on Mount Sinai.” - Mo’jam Ahadeeth
   Imam Al-Mahdi (AS), Al-Shaikh Ali Al-Korani, Vol. 3, p. 26


                                                             495
The Goal of the Wise




       496
             Door Number Thirty-Seven


      the Story of the Forty Men




“The Qaim shall not rise until twelve men all gather upon
   the saying that they saw him, but they are belied.”
                                             The Goal of the Wise


                        ne of the signs of the appearance of Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family) was
                        the death of king Abdullah of Hijaz. For many years, Shia scholars had said in
                        their books and in their speeches on television and in the mosques that the
                        death of king Abdullah of Hijaz was one of the closest signs that happen right
before the appearance of Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family). They all said that the Ahlul-Bayt
(From Them is Peace) prophesied it clearly in their words. Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His
Family) said: “There shall rule Hijaz a man whose name is the name of an animal, if you look at him
from afar you will think that he is cross-eyed but if you come close to him his eyes seem normal, he will
be succeeded by a brother named Abdullah, woe to our Shia from him (he repeated this thrice), give me
glad tidings of his death and I shall give you glad tidings of the appearance of the Hujjah (Imam
Mahdi)”1 (Figure 1). Imam Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace) said: “Whoever guarantees for me the
death of Abdullah, I shall guarantee for him the Qaim.”2


Figure 1: King Abdullah of Hijaz “Saudi Arabia”




The description in the narration matched exactly king Abdullah ibn Abdul Azeez who was known
to be extremely anti-Shia, hence “Woe to our Shia from him”, and he succeeded his brother, king
Fahd, whose name is the name of an animal. Fahd means cheetah. King Fahd also appeared from
afar to be cross-eyed but up close he did not appear to be (Figure 2). No prophecy of the end times
    t anyone better than this prophecy t king Abdullah. I remember even when I was visiting
Lebanon, Hezbollah was doing a major propaganda campaign on the streets, and there were people
of theirs on the streets of Beirut passing out pamphlets, claiming that the death of king Abdullah

1
    250 Signs until the Appearance of Imam Mahdi, Muhammad Ali Tabatabai, Sign No. 88, p. 136
2
    Ghaybat Al-Tusi, Al-Shaikh Al-Tusi, Vol. 1, p. 467


                                                        498
                                          the Story of the Forty Men


ibn Abdul Azeez was a sign of the emergence of the Mahdi (PBUH & His Family) and that Hassan
Nasrallah was the Yamani.


Figure 2: King Fahd of Hijaz “Saudi Arabia”




On the night of the 23rd of January 2015, news outlets announced to the world that king Abdullah
of Hijaz had passed away. The Shia world celebrated, and believers took it as a sign that Imam
Mahdi (PBUH & His Family) would soon appear. On the same day of the death of king Abdullah,
a video appeared on the internet giving glad tidings of the appearance of Imam Mahdi (PBUH &
His Family). Random Facebook accounts began publishing a particular news, and that was that
Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family) had appeared. The people carrying the glad tidings began to
encourage the people to do as the narration had stated. The narration stated that Prophet
Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) said to give him glad tidings of the death of king Abdullah, and
he would give you glad tidings of the appearance of the Mahdi (PBUH & His Family). They said
now that king Abdullah died, it is upon you to ask God, to ask Mohammed (PBUH & His Family)
if we are truthful. Ask Him through istikharah3 or for a sign or whatever way you like. They said
the promise of the Prophet (PBUH & His Family) was a proof of their truthfulness, for no one
claimed that Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family) had appeared upon the death of king Abdullah
except them, therefore, they are truthful.


                                            The Story of the Meeting


These individuals claimed that they had been with Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace)
over a period of a year and a half and that they were taken by him to go meet Imam Mahdi (PBUH
& His Family). They claimed and testi ed that they did, in fact, see and meet Imam Mahdi (PBUH
& His Family). They claimed to be the twelve men mentioned in the narration by Imam Al-Sadiq



3
    Istikharah in this context means seeking counsel from God, asking Him to show and guide one to the truth.


                                                           499
                                              The Goal of the Wise


(From Him is Peace) who said: “The Riser/Qaim shall not rise until twelve men all gather upon the
saying that they saw him, but they are belied.”4 They narrated the following story of their meeting:


           In the Name of Allah, The Abundantly Merciful, The Intensely Merciful. All praises
           belong to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds. O Allah, send Your prayers upon Mohammed
           and the Family of Mohammed, the Imams and the Mahdis. Peace, Mercy, and
           Blessings of Allah be upon you, believing Ansar of Allah in the Easts of the Earth and
           its Wests. I, and I seek refuge from the word “I”, am your servant Aba Gibra’eel (Aba
           Gabriel), one of the twelve men who have been honored to meet the Hujjah of Allah
           (Imam Mohammed ibn Al-Hassan Al-Askari (PBUH)). I will mention to you the
           story of the meeting, and I will make sure not to mention some of the details because of
           the sensitivity of the matter. May Allah grant you success to all that which is good. We
           are forty-two men, and with Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (PBUH) we become forty-three
           men. Among us is he who believed in this blessed Call before hearing about it, and
           among us is he who believed in it since the ﬁrst day he heard about it, and among us is
           he who believed not so long ago. The Sayyed, the Father Ahmed Al-Hassan (PBUH)
           has gathered us from several countries, among which are Arab, Islamic, Western, and
           Asian countries, until we were gathered about one year and a half ago in one place.
           And Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (PBUH) was with us and among us. We had a place
           where all of us would gather at a certain time every day until after Fajr prayer each of
           us would go to their job which the Father Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (PBUH) had
           assigned them to and charged them with, until that blessed and promised day came
           and we heard about the destruction of the criminal Abdullah, the king of Hijaz. As
           usual, we gathered in that blessed place which is fortiﬁed by Allah, the Almighty. The
           Father (PBUH) had been absent from us before this night for a few nights, and we
           were missing him very much. One hour before Fajr prayer, the courageous lion of Allah
           came forth to us with his glory which seizes the hearts and eyes, he and two of his
           companions from your pure brothers who are used to accompanying Imam Ahmed
           Al-Hassan (PBUH) everywhere and wherever he goes. And he (PBUH) entered upon
           us while he was smiling, and said: “Peace be upon you and the Mercy of Allah and His
           Blessings”. So everyone responded to the greetings with yearning and longing. So he
           (PBUH) said: “How are you, my sons, inshaAllah you are all well.” So, the brothers
           said: “All praises belong to Allah, my Father, we are well, and all praises belong to
           Allah.” So he (PBUH) said: “Did the news of the destruction of the tyrant Abdullah,
           may Allah curse him, reach you?” So they said: “Yes, Master, may Allah curse him.”
           So he (PBUH) said: “This is the day of Allah. This is the promise of Allah, the
4
    Kitab Al-Ghayba (Book of Occultation), Al-Numani, Vol. 1, p. 283



                                                         500
                                           the Story of the Forty Men


            Almighty for His righteous sincere servants.” Then he (PBUH) said: “What will you
            do if you see Imam Mahdi Mohammed ibn Al-Hassan Al-Askari, may my soul be
            ransomed for him?” So they said: “By Allah, by Allah, if he goes from here and takes
            refuge at any mountain, we will go with him.” So the Father (PBUH) said: “By Allah,
            you have spoken the truth, for Allah did not create Ansar (supporters) on the face of the
            earth like you, neither before you nor after you.” Then he said: “Now I want you to
            point to the best of you and to choose ten to meet Imam Mahdi Mohammed son of
            Al-Hassan Al-Askari (PBUH).” Here everyone was keen to choose their brothers, and it
            didn’t cross the mind of any of them to choose himself or to think that he is better than
            his brother. So everyone was telling everyone “I choose you.” And the Father (PBUH)
            was looking at them and smiling. Then he said: “Send prayers upon Mohammed and
            the Family of Mohammed, the Imams and the Mahdis.” So everyone sent prayers
            upon Mohammed and the Family of Mohammed. Then the Father (PBUH) said
            again: “I swear by Allah, the High, the Great that Allah never created Ansar like you,
            you are the best Ansar on the face of the earth. There never came Ansar like you, nor
            will there ever come Ansar like you, with this sincerity, loyalty, and faith in Allah the
            Almighty.” Then he praised Allah and thanked Him. Then he went silent for a few
            seconds, and then said: “You must choose ten.” So he (PBUH) said: “Form ten groups,
            each group has four believers, and let every group composed of four choose one believer to
            represent them.” So the believers did as the Father (PBUH) requested. Each group chose
            a person. So the total number of the chosen ones were ten believers. So the Father
            (PBUH) said: “It’s time for Fajr prayer,” so he pointed to one of the brothers and told
            him, “Rise and make the Athan.”5 So he made the Athan and we prayed in
            congregation and were led by the Sayyed, the Father (PBUH). So we went forth twelve
            men and with us was the Sayyed, the Father (PBUH) and we were ﬁlled with longing
            and yearning and excitement and a heart which was beating so fast like the speed of
            lightning and a body which was shaking like a tree on a stormy winter day, because of
            the greatness of the matter. So we arrived at the place which Imam Al-Mahdi
            Mohammed ibn Al-Hassan Al-Askari (PBUH) was at. So we met him (PBUH) and
            after the greetings and after a long conversation which lasted more than two and a
            half hours, he (PBUH) directed us and informed us of unseen matters which will take
            place, and events worldwide, with the most accurate of details. And he (PBUH)
            informed us of what will happen in the world and in accurate details, and amongst
            the countries mentioned were Iraq, Egypt, Turkey, Iran, Japan, Italy, the greater devil
            America, may Allah curse it, North Korea, South Korea, Qatar, Jordan, and in the
            most accurate details, even with mentioning the day and the hour. And we would like


5
    Athan in Arabic means the call to prayer.


                                                       501
                                               The Goal of the Wise


           to take this opportunity to challenge the Samiri and the Calf, may Allah curse them,
           the individuals running the alleged oﬃce which is falsely and by fraud attributed to
           Imam Mahdi (PBUH) while he is innocent of them, and the cursed person behind the
           page, and the cursed person behind the voice.6 We challenge them to bring forth one
           unseen matter (one future event) and to give us all the details while mentioning the
           day on which it will take place. And we will do the same; we will give you one matter of
           the unseen which no one has ever heard of, and no one will hear of, and no one has ever
           talked about. You will hear it for the ﬁrst time from us, and it will take place,
           God-willing, and we will give you the most accurate details while mentioning the day,
           the hour, and the minute. So, if you are truthful like you claim, then accept our
           challenge to you. Otherwise, you are liars, hypocrites, immoral, corrupt, and
           disbelievers, and at that time nothing will remain as a cure except for the sword to you,
           and at that time, I swear by Allah, the High, the Great, we will not have mercy upon
           you, and we will crush and destroy your nests, the nests of misguidance, disbelief, and
           slandering against the Ahlul-Bayt (PBUT), and at that time no regret nor repentance
           will beneﬁt you.


Initially, the twelve men did not reveal who they were. They kept it as a secret for security reasons,
and they never testi ed publicly. At the time of the publication of this letter, which was around July
of 2015, the only thing that the believers knew was that the twelve included some of the Mahdis
(PBUT). The people knew that the following were from the twelve:


           1. Aba Michael whose incarnation was Michael (PBUH)
           2. Aba Ridha whose incarnation was Moses (PBUH)
           3. Aba Gibra’eel whose incarnation was Gabriel (PBUH)
           4. Aba Al-Naseh whose incarnation was Habib ibn Mudhahir (PBUH)
           5. Aba Ja’far whose incarnation was Abraham (PBUH)


                                                   Lost Memories


In July of 2017, exactly two years after the publishing of the story of the meeting, I was approached
by a certain individual about the matter of the forty. He brought up a discussion with me about the
story of the meeting and asked me if it was a physical meeting or not. He had also said that he and
some of the believers had discussed the possibility of them being from the forty men. I discussed the
matter with my Father (From Him is Peace).


6
    This is in reference to the fake Facebook page and fake voice falsely attributed to Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him
    is Peace) by the so-called o ce of Najaf, as explained in Door 35 of this Book.


                                                          502
                                       the Story of the Forty Men


   I asked Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “My Father, I have come to hear that
Adam (PBUH) said that the forty did not meet with Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace)
in their bodies and they do not even remember that they met you because you erased their memories. I
heard that even some of the forty don’t know that they are from the forty until you remind them that
they were. [The person appointed responsible for the media at the time] and [the person appointed as
the leader of the Friday prayers at the time] think that they could be from the forty men, but they don’t
remember yet. I had called Adam (PBUH) and he said that yes, he said that about the forty men.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Tell [that individual], Ahmed Al-Hassan sends his
greetings and says to you never open up this topic again until God reveals it. Never, ever, ever think that
you are one of the forty or else you will regret it.”
   I said, “He had told me that he and [the other individual] spoke, and they saw that Ja’far
Al-Tayyar’s rank [that individual’s incarnation before he lost his soul] was higher than Maytham
Al-Tammar’s, Maytham Al-Tammar is from the forty so how could Ja’far not be?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Tell him, neither you, nor [the other individual], nor
anyone amongst you is from the forty. Who decided that? Who said that Ja’far is better than
Maytham?”
   I said, “He said according to the narrations, Ja’far holds the Prophets to account and judges them, he
and Hamza, etc.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “I seek refuge with God. Tell him, do not speak about that
which you have no knowledge about or else you shall be from the losers. Tell him, you are a good
believer, and a good man, so don’t bring yourself into mazes that you shall not know how to go out of.”
   I said, “He is indeed a good man.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “If there was a need to reveal this matter to the people, we
would not have delayed. This matter and other matters do not increase nor decrease (in identifying the
truth or in one’s relationship with God).”
   That was the end of the conversation and the Imam (From Him is Peace) did not discuss the
matter further with me, nor did I bring it up with him for a while. The Imam (From Him is Peace)
had taught me that no matter what I hear on this path, to always wait before reacting. He had
previously given me advice when people were attacking me, and I always kept it close to my mind
and heart.
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “My beloved son, I want you to understand something, don’t
think about anything I have not said and do not judge it even if it were true or false. Never say except
what I say, and you shall be from the winners, and you will be safe from the punishment of God and
be patient. Verily, you are a Mahdi from twelve Mahdis, you must understand that this thing and
other than it are easy matters in comparison to what you shall see and hear from the people. Did I not
tell you from the beginning? Did you not know that in the end there shall only remain on this matter
(during a certain phase of this Call) twelve or thirteen men? You know that.”



                                                        503
                                          The Goal of the Wise


                                     The Companions of the Cave


The Companions of the Cave is a story mentioned in the Holy Qur’an and a Chapter, Surah
Al-Kahf (The Cave) is named after it, thus it is a very important story. It is also a story which is
mentioned in Christian traditions, called the Seven Sleepers of Ephesus.7 It tells the story of seven
youths who believed in God and in Jesus (PBUH) at a time when Christianity was outlawed in the
land and an evil cruel emperor ruled, Gaius Messius Quintus Traianus Decius. They decided to
withdraw from society, and they took refuge in a cave, where deep sleep overtook them and when
they woke up and exited out of the cave, they found themselves hundreds of years in the future, in
another time, where Christianity was the o cial religion of the state and the state was ruled by the
just believer, King Theodosius II.
    This story was mentioned in the narrations of the Ahlul-Bayt (From Them is Peace) as having a
connection with the Riser/Qaim (From Him is Peace) and his companions (PBUT). Imam Ali
(From Him is Peace) said: “Our position to you is like that of the Cave to the Companions of the
Cave.”8 Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) is the forti ed Cave whom the believers
rushed to. The story of the Cave is closely connected to the story of the forty men.
    What I understood from later conversations with Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace)
concerning the story of the forty men is as follows: The forty men were believers from all over the
world who loved Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) and truly believed in him. The
Cave is a metaphor for the Imam (From Him is Peace). The believers upon approaching the Cave,
or the Imam (From Him is Peace), meaning upon drawing nearer to him spiritually, would receive a
kunya9. This would come in the form of “Aba” and then a title, for example, Aba Al-Sadiq or Aba
Al-Nasih. Upon entering the Cave, the believer has established a certain degree of dissolving the self,
and an opening in the veil of the Imam is opened for the believers, such as the opening that
happened in the veil of God for Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) in the Night Journey (Isra and
Mi’raj).
    The believers were taken, and they met with Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) every
night for a year and a half prior to 2015. Every morning, before returning home, their memories
would be erased and they would resume life as normal, going to their jobs, school, families, etc. At
night, the process would repeat again. The meetings were physical ones and were not dreams, but at
the same time, no one would notice the absence of the forty from their homes. So just as the
Companions of the Cave went to sleep in the cave for what seemed to be a moment and woke up
and found themselves hundreds of years in the future, as such was the case for the forty. They
would go to sleep but wake up somewhere with Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) and
with each other, from all corners of the globe.

7
  Seven Sleepers of Ephesus, Catholic Encyclopedia, Vol. 5, Adrian Fortescue
8
  Mizan Al-Hikmah (Scale of Wisdom), Mohammed Al-Reyshahri, Vol. 4, p. 2821
9
  A kunya in Arabic means a name which is honorably given to a person.


                                                     504
                                    the Story of the Forty Men


   One day I said to Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “I had heard that the meeting
took place in another world, the world of truth or something like that and that it wasn’t a physical
material meeting on Earth?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The meeting was an earthly physical meeting, and it was
not in another world at all.”
   During that year and a half period, the believers who met with Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From
Him is Peace) went through much training and were tested in their faith. The tests were so intense
that if the forty maintained the memories, they would not be able to function normally in their lives
from what they saw and experienced. In one of those tests, Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is
Peace) took the believers to the top of a mountain.
   One day I said to the Imam (From Him is Peace), “On the topic of remembering, did you, when
you were meeting with the forty men, say to one of them when standing on the top of a mountain to
jump and then he jumped and died, and you brought him back to life?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Did someone tell you about this?”
   I said, “Moses (PBUH) was speaking to me one day and he asked me: ‘What has the Father (PBUH
& His Family) tested you with?’ And after that I responded by saying ‘things’ and I refrained from
responding. He said, ‘The Imam has tested the Ansar with matters that make the mind confused’ and
then he spoke about an incident of jumping oﬀ a mountain but did not go into details. One night
about a year later though, it was as if I remembered the scene and you had taken the believers to a
mountain top and then you asked them to jump and one went forth and jumped and when he did, he
fell and died, and you brought him back to life. It was ﬂashes of memories appearing in front of me.
Then afterwards I remembered that you said to me one day when we were talking, ‘If I took you to a
mountain and told you to jump, would you be afraid?’ ”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, now I shall respond to you. Yes, that test happened.”
   I said, “Who is the person who jumped? Was I there?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) refrained from answering.
   I was aware as well from my conversations with the Imam (From Him is Peace) that those who
were from the forty who reached the Cave were no longer in a test because they were tested already,
meaning the chains and apparent acts of worship and rules and laws fell from them, and they had
become freed servants. It also meant they reached a stage where they were rm in faith.
   One day I said to the Imam (From Him is Peace), “Every time Adam (PBUH) comes to see me, he
repeats the same thing, he says, perhaps we were of the forty with the Father (PBUH & His Family) on
the night of the death of king Abdullah. He says this to me a lot.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Adam is a trickster.”
   I laughed and said, “What is with that?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “He is tricking you. He thinks that you know something and
are hiding it from him.”



                                                   505
                                              The Goal of the Wise


      I said, “He keeps saying that you said only twelve or thirteen will remain and that is not including
me and him, for me and him are out of the test.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, he has told the truth.”
      I said, “And he said that the ones who are out of the test are from the forty?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, he has told the truth.”


                                               Unbelievable Truths


Just because a story seems strange, suspicious, without evidence or unbelievable, that does not mean
that it did not happen. In fact, that is what faith is. Belief in the unbelievable. When the Night
Journey of Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) took place, and he claimed that his ceiling
opened up and he rode on a winged creature from Mecca to Jerusalem and back in a single night, it
was a very unbelievable story, for he claimed to have also met with God and all the Prophets and
Messengers (PBUT). The people around the Prophet (PBUH & His Family) had major doubts and
some of them started to say the Prophet has gone mad. Others said: “Who shall believe this?” One
of the companions of the Prophet (PBUH & His Family), Abu Bakr, was narrated as stating: “If he
has actually said this, he is telling the truth.” Upon seeing their surprise, he said: “What is so
surprising? I believe him when he says something even more incomprehensible. He says he receives
revelations from God, and I believe him.”10 He was given for this the title Al-Siddiq (the one who
con rms belief). Regardless of his nal outcome, Abu Bakr had an honorable stance in that
moment.
      Indeed, he spoke the truth in that moment, for how could a person believe on one hand that the
Messenger (PBUH & His Family) spoke with angels, spoke with God, saw heaven and hell, and
knew all the details of all things, but at the same time belie him if he said he traveled from Mecca to
Jerusalem and back in one night? Rather, once we nd the Messenger of our time, and decide that
he is a true Messenger from God, we must believe him in anything and all the things he says. That is
faith and that is what we were taught by the Ahlul-Bayt (From Them is Peace) to do. One of the
companions said to Imam Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace): “May I be your ransom, verily a man will
come to us from you and will narrate to us from you great matters and our chests will become heavy by
that until we belie him.” So Imam Al-Sadiq (PBUH) said: “Does he not narrate it from me?” The
man said: “Yes.” So Imam Al-Sadiq (PBUH) said: “Is he saying that the night is day and the day is
night?” The man said: “No.” Imam Al-Sadiq (PBUH) said: “Return it to us, for verily if you belie it,
you will belie us.”11 The Prophet (PBUH & His Family) said to Abu Dharr: “O Abu Dharr, if we
said to you that Imam Ali drinks alcohol, what would you say?” Abu Dharr said: “Ali does not drink
alcohol,” and then the Prophet (PBUH & His Family) said: “God bless you, O Abu Dharr, sit down.”
Then the Prophet (PBUH & His Family) said: “Salman, what would you say if I told you that Imam
10
     Masalik Al-Absar ﬁ Mamalik Al Amsar, Ibn Fadl Allah Al-Imari, Vol. 23, p. 360
11
     Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 2, p. 187


                                                         506
                                        the Story of the Forty Men


Ali drinks alcohol?” Salman said: “I would say that alcohol was permissible because Ali is with the
truth and the truth is with Ali. ”


                                   The Apostasy of One of the Twelve


One of the greatest betrayals to strike this religion was when one of the twelve apostatized.12 It was a
great shock to the believers, and it happened suddenly. After having been the rst one to believe and
call people to this Call, that individual decided to disbelieve and began telling people that the
religion was false, and he had been deceived. People were shocked because they had thought that the
twelve could never apostatize. Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) said: “The successors
after me are twelve in number, the number of the tribes of Israel and from them were the twelve
disciples, for God said: “And if the disciples said, O Jesus...” Hisham ibn Zaid said: “I asked the
Prophet, ‘Who are your disciples, O Messenger of Allah?’ And he said: ‘The Imams after me, twelve
Imams from the loins of Ali and Fatimah and they are my disciples and the Ansar of my religion,
upon them are greetings and peace from Allah.’ ”13 And we have a sunnah14 in Jesus (PBUH) and his
twelve, and they were the custodians of his secrets and his disciples and supporters of his faith, when
one of them, a close companion named Judas Iscariot chose to apostatize and call Jesus (PBUH)
false, the others ran away and another denied he ever knew Jesus (PBUH). “Then Satan entered
Judas, called Iscariot, one of the Twelve. And Judas went to the chief priests and the oﬃcers of the temple
guard and discussed with them how he might betray Jesus.”15
     When I heard the news of the betrayal I went to Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace)
and said, “He is saying that there is no story of the forty nor meeting and everything is false and is a lie
and that he and his companion were able to deceive you and discover that you are not an Imam.”
     The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “He is lying son, he is lying to you. Tell him to bring forth his
evidence. Did you ever think that one day you would curse him?”
     I said, “Never, and it never crossed my mind. I thought he was of the forty and would go to the
eternal gardens and he was one of the pillars of the Earth that could never fall.”
     The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “I was always trying to bring this idea to your mind, that
you would see wonders in this Call.”
     I said, “He is lying and saying there are not even any forty nor meeting and it is all a lie and no one
remembers anything.”
     The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Then you should say to him, you are a partner then, if this
whole story was an invention by Adam (PBUH) then you are his partner.”


12
   This individual was the incarnation of Moses (PBUH). When he fell and apostatized, the soul of Moses (PBUH) left
   him, and it is present in another body today. Moses (PBUH) is the Third Mahdi.
13
   Manaqib Al Abi Talib, Ibn Shahr Ashob, Vol. 1, p. 258
14
   Sunnah in Arabic means “tradition” or “way”. In this context it means, similar way or outcome of events.
15
   The Holy Bible, Book of Luke, Chapter 22, Verses 3-4


                                                        507
                                         The Goal of the Wise


For those who wonder, “How could the main story of the meeting with Imam Mahdi on the night
of the death of king Abdullah be based on individuals who do not remember?”, we state a couple of
points:


   -      Firstly: There are individuals in this story who have full memory of the events that took
          place, there are others who have partial memory of the events, while there are others who
          have no memory at all.


   -      Secondly: The story of the meeting of the forty men with Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From
          Him is Peace) started in the exact same way as the story of the meeting of Imam Ahmed
          Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) with Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family). Imam Ahmed
          Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) narrates that he saw Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family) in
          a vision asking to meet him at a certain mausoleum, so when he woke up he went and he
          found Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family) there.


   -      Lastly and most importantly: Our belief in the appearance of Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His
          Family) and in this whole religion is not based on a narration of forty men, or twelve men or
          any story of any men. It is based on a belief in a divinely appointed ruler, a Caliph of God,
          who has proven his truthfulness with the exact same proofs that every Prophet and
          Messenger from the beginning of time has put forth. The Holy Will that is a safety from
          misguidance, the Call to the Supremacy of God, and Divine Knowledge that is
          unmatched by any other human being. The story of the meeting is only a narration of
          events that took place, but it does not increase nor decrease, give or take away anything from
          the solid base that this religion is rmly standing on.


For any true believer, the story and testimony of the twelve men is not that signi cant. What is
important is not the testimony of the disciples but what the divinely appointed Messenger came
with. Did he ful ll the criteria? Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) came claiming the
Will of the Holy Messenger of God. He showed his knowledge. He was the only one on the planet
saying God is the only One who can appoint a ruler.
   My Father sent me to the people as he was sent, as a test. He told me to claim the Will, which I
did. He made me demonstrate knowledge and in this Book I have. He made me today the only one
publicly claiming that only God can appoint the ruler. In addition to that, I have thousands of
people who testify they have had true dreams about me, who made istikharas about me and God
told them I was the truth and I have witnesses who testify to miracles they have seen from me. That
is all that matters at the end of the day. The Prophethood of Mohammed (PBUH & His Family)
was determined to be true by those criteria and not by his story of the Night Ascension or other



                                                   508
                                       the Story of the Forty Men


than that. We believe the stories after recognizing the man, and that man is all of religion, and that
religion is kept safe by holding on to the companion of the Will.


                                            Belief in the Unseen


Belief in the unseen is a core part of faith.16 The Prophets and Messengers (PBUT) were tested with
Gabriel (PBUH) who would bring them messages from God. They had to believe in the messages
brought by the inspiration, or Gabriel (PBUH) and believe that they were really communications
from God. The believers had to believe in the testimony of the Messengers (PBUT). Today, God in
Creation, Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) also tests the Mahdis (PBUT) and the close believers
with belief in the unseen. Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), who is the whole of
inspiration in this day and age, would test the believer’s faith in the unseen by veiled
communications. Initially, Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) communicated with the
forty in written form, words on a paper, or words on a screen, or black on white. The Mahdis, and
close Prophets and Messengers (PBUT) who incarnated in this time were limited in their
communications initially with the Imam (From Him is Peace) and did not see him. Their faith in
Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family) through Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) is greater
than the faith of the companions of Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family). That’s why Imam
Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace) said that the verse, “ ‘A guide for those mindful of Allah. Those who
believe in the unseen’ is concerning those who admit that the Rise of the Riser is true.”17 Imam Al-Baqir
(From Him is Peace) said: “The Prophet of Allah (PBUH & His Family) one day was sitting with a
group of his companions when he said: ‘O God, make me meet my brothers’ twice. So those around him
of his companions said: ‘Are we not your brothers, O Prophet of Allah?’ So, he said: ‘No, rather you are
my companions, and my brothers are a people who come in the end times who believed and did not see
me. God made me know them by their names and the names of their forefathers before they ever came
out of the loins of their fathers and wombs of their mothers. One of them remains stronger in their faith
no matter the great diﬃculty.’ ”18 Who are those persons? Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His
Family) said to Imam Ali (From Him is Peace) about them: “O Ali, the most wonderous people in
faith and the greatest of them in certitude are a people who come in the end times who did not catch the
Prophet and the Hujjah (Proof of God) was veiled from them, so they believed in black on white.”19
     So clearly, we see from the narrations that belief in the unseen plays an important role in the time
of the Qaim and the Rise. Prophet Mohammed’s (PBUH & His Family) prayers are always accepted
by God, and he prayed to meet his brothers in the end times. This means the Prophet (PBUH &

16
   “Those who believe in the unseen, and establish worship, and spend of that which We have bestowed upon them.”
   - The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 2 (Al-Baqarah), Verse 3
17
   Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 51, p. 52
18
   Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 52, p. 124
19
   Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 52, p. 125



                                                       509
                                        The Goal of the Wise


His Family) would incarnate in the end times as Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family). He prayed to
see his brothers, and he knew their names. It is illogical that all 1.9 billion Muslims on the planet at
the time of his return are his brothers, but rather he is speaking about a speci c group of people.
Who are the brothers of a Prophet but the Prophets (PBUT) themselves? So, Prophet Mohammed
(PBUH & His Family) was supplicating to God to incarnate in the end times alongside all of the
returned Prophets and Messengers. They would have extremely high faith and certitude. Why?
Because this time around, they would not be tested by Gabriel and the voice or inspiration in their
hearts, but rather by a man who would communicate with them through writing. The narration
says this man is a Hujjah (A Proof) who is veiled from them, yet they believe in him. This man is
Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace). And yes, after they passed their test, and their faith
was complete they meet and met with him physically in this world. Once Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan
(From Him is Peace) sent forth publicly his vicegerent in the                 esh, Aba Al-Sadiq, all
communications from Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) and Imam Mahdi (PBUH &
His Family) would only come through him and only him.
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said to me, “Whoever does not come to me from my door, you, is
not of my Ansar. You are my door, and I am the door of my Father, Imam Mahdi Mohammed ibn
Al-Hassan (PBUH).”




                                                  510
                  Door Number Thirty-Eight


                             Tests




“Do people think once they say, ‘We believe,’ that they will be left
                without being put to the test?”
                                            The Goal of the Wise


                    here is a plethora of traditions from Mohammed and the Family of Mohammed
                    (PBUH & His Family) which emphasize that the Divine Just State will not come
                    until the believers are tested and sifted. The purpose of these tests is to purify,
                    perfect belief and trust in God, while ridding the believing community of the
remnants of the o spring of Cain and Iblis. Abdullah ibn Abi Yaafor said that he heard Imam
Al-Sadiq (PBUH) say: “Woe to the oppressors of the Arabs from an evil which is approaching.” I said:
“May I be your ransom, how many of the Arabs will be with the Qaim?” He said: “Very few.” I said:
“By God, the ones who speak about it from them are many.” He said: “The people must be tested and
distinguished and sifted, and there shall come out of the sifting many people.”1 Imam Al-Baqir (From
Him is Peace) clari ed that the sifting and testing would be speci cally for the close followers of the
Imam (From Him is Peace), his Shia, for he said: “You shall be examined, O Shia of the Family of
Mohammed, just as the kohl is in the eye, and verily the person knows when the kohl is in his eye and he
does not know when it shall come out of it, as such a man will wake up upon our matter and wake up
while he has gone out of it.”2 Imam Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace) spoke of the extremity of the
testing and trials and tribulations in which some would go out of faith and eventually come back
after much trouble, while the tests would leave others completely broken. He (From Him is Peace)
said: “ ‘By God you shall be broken like glass, and verily glass can be restored to how it was, by God you
shall be broken like pottery, and pottery when broken cannot be restored to how it was, and by God you
shall be sifted, and by God you shall be distinguished, and by God you shall be examined until there
does not remain from you except very few,’ and he clamped his ﬁst.”3
    Imam Al-Baqir (From Him is Peace) explained that the point of this testing is to rid the believing
community of all those who claim faith but do not believe. He (From Him is Peace) said they
would test the believers by intentionally throwing at them speech which causes the believers to be
disgusted, in order to nd out who will stick with the Family of Mohammed (PBUH & His Family)
no matter what. Aba Ja’far (From Him is Peace) said: “Verily, this speech of ours causes the hearts of
men to be disgusted, whoever accepts it increase them, and whoever denies it, leave them, there must be
a tribulation in which every close and intimate friend shall fall…until no one remains except for us
and our Shia.”4 The testing, sifting, trials, and tribulations will cause the followers of the Imam
(From Him is Peace) to literally curse each other and declare themselves innocent of each other. It
was narrated that Umaira bint Nufail said: “I heard Imam Al-Hussein ibn Ali (PBUT) say: ‘This
matter which you await shall not happen until you declare yourselves innocent of one another and you
spit in the faces of each other and until you each testify that the other is a disbeliever, and until you
curse each other.’ So I said to him: ‘Is there any goodness in that time?’ Imam Al-Hussein (PBUH)



1
  Kitab Al-Ghayba (Book of Occultation), Al-Numani, Vol. 1, p. 210
2
  Kitab Al-Ghayba (Book of Occultation), Al-Numani, Vol. 1, p. 212
3
  Kitab Al-Ghayba (Book of Occultation), Al-Numani, Vol. 1, p. 213
4
  Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 2, pp. 193-194


                                                       512
                                                   tests


said: ‘All of goodness is in that time, the Riser shall rise and end all that.’ ”5 Without this happening,
there shall never be a Divine Just State, because the hypocrites must be ripped out of the believing
community, those who do not deserve this matter of God’s. That is why Imam Al-Baqir (From
Him is Peace) said: “The matter which you stretch out your necks looking towards shall not happen
until you are examined, and alas, the matter which you stretch out your necks towards shall not
happen until you are distinguished, and the matter which you stretch out your necks towards shall not
happen until you are sifted, and the matter which you stretch out your necks towards shall not happen
until you lose hope, and the matter which you stretch out your necks towards shall not happen until all
those who are going to be miserable are miserable, and all those who are going to be happy become
happy.”6 The Prophet (PBUH & His Family) warned us that holding rm to faith during the sifting
would be like “holding on to a ﬁery coal.”7


                          The Test of Adam: The Non-Working Scholars


In order to know what to expect of tests and tribulations in the time of the Riser/Qaim (From Him
is Peace), let us look at the types of tests that the previous Prophets and Messengers (PBUT) and
their followers went through. We start with Adam (PBUH) and his test was to not eat from the tree.
The devil was allowed to try to sift Adam (PBUH) by telling him that if he ate from the tree, he
would have an everlasting kingdom and he would be like God. Adam (PBUH) had to decide who
was telling the truth, God, or Satan. He had to decide who would he trust and listen to. The fact
that he listened to Satan meant that he chose to worship Satan instead of God. Imam Al-Sadiq
(From Him is Peace) said in regard to the verse: “ ‘They took their rabbis and priests as Gods without
God.’ By God, they did not call them to the worship of their own selves and if they would have called
them to that (meaning if they said worship me) the people would not have done so, but rather they
made for them permissible what was impermissible, and they made impermissible what was
permissible, so they worshiped them unknowingly.”8 Therefore, Satan was the rst non-working
scholar and he made Adam (PBUH) fall by seducing him to go against the commandments of God,
making the permissible impermissible and vice versa. Thus, we know that in the time of the
Riser/Qaim, we should expect that Satan tries to tempt and confuse the people through the
non-working priests, rabbis, bishops, and shaikhs of religion who will try to make us go against the
direct words of the Imam (From Him is Peace).




5
  Kitab Al-Ghayba (Book of Occultation), Al-Numani, Vol. 1, p. 211
6
  Kitab Al-Ghayba (Book of Occultation), Al-Numani, Vol. 1, p. 215
7
  Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 28, p. 47
8
  Mizan Al-Hikmah (Scale of Wisdom), Mohammed Al-Reyshahri, Vol. 3, p. 2621


                                                    513
                                        The Goal of the Wise


                         The Test of Noah: Time, Timing, and Patience


In the time of Noah (PBUH), and Noah (PBUH) was a Savior and a Riser with truth from the
Family of Adam (PBUH), the believers were tested severely. Imam Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace)
said:


        When God revealed the Prophethood of Noah (PBUH) and the Shia came to have
        certitude that the relief was close, the tribulations became harsher and the libel (false
        accusations) became so much that it led to extremely severe conditions striking the Shia,
        and Noah (PBUH) would be attacked violently to the point that he would remain at
        times unconscious for three days while bleeding from his ears before waking up. That
        was around 300 years from when he was sent forth. At that time he would call the
        people night and day and they would escape from him, and he would call them in
        secret and they would not respond to him and he would call them openly and they
        would turn away. After 300 years, he decided to supplicate against them, he sat after
        the Fajr prayer supplicating when there came down to him a group of three angels from
        the seventh heaven and they greeted him saying: “O Prophet of God, we have a need.”
        He said: “What is it?” They said: “That you delay your supplication against your
        people, for it is the ﬁrst dominance of God on the Earth.” Noah said: “I have delayed
        supplication against them another 300 years.” And he went back to them and did
        what he always did and they would do what they would always do, until another 300
        years had passed and he was hopeless that they would believe. He sat at noon time for
        supplication and there came down to him another group of angels from the sixth
        heaven and the angels greeted him and said: “We went out early and came to you.”
        They asked for the same which the group from the seventh heaven asked for and he
        responded to them as he responded to the others and he returned to his people, and his
        calling them to God only increased them in their persistence to run away from him,
        and this remained the case for 300 years. At the completion of 900 years in total, the
        Shia went to him and complained to him about what was happening to them from the
        public and the tyrants and they asked him to ask God to hasten the relief. Noah agreed
        to do so and he prayed and supplicated and Gabriel (PBUH) came down and said:
        “Verily, God has accepted your supplications and he said to tell your Shia to eat these
        dates and plant the seeds and take care of it until it grows, when it completes growth, I
        shall relieve them.” So Noah thanked God and praised Him and told the Shia that
        and they were happy, and Noah (PBUH) informed them what God revealed to him,
        so they did what they were asked and took care of the seed until it brought forth fruits.
        Then they took the fruits and went to Noah (PBUH) and asked him to fulﬁll his
        promise, so he asked God and God inspired him to tell them: “Eat this date and plant


                                                  514
                                                    tests


        its seed and if it brings forth fruits, I shall send the relief.” So when they thought that
        he broke his promise, a third of them apostatized and two thirds remained. So they ate
        the dates and planted the seeds until it brought forth fruits and they took the fruits
        and came to Noah (PBUH) and informed him and asked him to fulﬁll the promise,
        and he asked God about that and God inspired him saying: “Eat from these dates and
        plant its seed.” And so another third apostatized and there remained a third ﬁrm. So
        they ate the dates and planted the seeds and when it brought forth fruits they took it
        and went to Noah and said: “There does not remain from us except few and we are
        afraid over ourselves that if the relief is delayed again we will die.” So Noah (PBUH)
        prayed and said: “O Lord, none of my companions remained except for this small
        group, and I am afraid they will be destroyed if the relief is delayed.” So God inspired
        him saying: “I have accepted your supplication.” 9


Imam Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace) said: “And as such with the Qaim (PBUH), the days of his
absence shall stretch in order that truth is separated from falsehood and faith is puriﬁed by the apostasy
of all those whose clay was evil from the Shia, the ones whom we feared their hypocrisy if they felt
enabled and felt the dominance that is spread in the time of the Qaim (PBUH).”10 So here we see that
another type of testing which we can expect in the time of the Qaim/Riser (From Him is Peace) is
time, timing, and the patience it takes for the Rise to happen. Indeed, the Shia of Imam Ahmed
Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) expected the Rise to happen back in 1999 when he rst appeared,
saying he was a Messenger from Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family) and now it is 2022. That is 23
years that the Shia have been waiting for a Rise and the majority of the believers in Imam Ahmed
Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) have been waiting for 15 years to see him (From Him is Peace)
appear publicly after he went into an absence in 2007 (although he did appear to his preferred ones
in 2015). What we can learn from this great test that the believers went through with Noah
(PBUH) is that even if God’s promise is delayed repeatedly, we must not assume that the promise
was broken or the prophecy was false, and it is not an excuse to apostatize, and we must hold on to
our faith no matter what. Time is a great test of faith and the long wait with the Qaim/Riser (From
Him is Peace) is to be expected.


            The Test of Abraham: Dreams, Traditional Family & Blood Relations


With Abraham (PBUH), there is no better example of a test than the one with God commanding
him to sacri ce his son. In the Holy Qur’an, Abraham (PBUH) had a dream: “My son, I see in
a dream that I am slaughtering you.”11 So rst, Abraham (PBUH) was tested with believing his

9
  Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 11, pp. 326-328
10
   Mikyalul Makarim, Mirza Mohammed Taqi Al-Isfahani, Vol. 2, p. 161
11
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 37 (Al-Sa at), Verse 102


                                                     515
                                                The Goal of the Wise


dream and when he believed in his dream and acted upon it, God praised him and said: “You have
fulﬁlled the vision. Indeed, this is how We reward the good-doers.”12 That is the same thing that Imam
Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) did, he believed in his dream. He saw Imam Mahdi (PBUH
& His Family) telling him in the dream to meet him somewhere and so he believed his dream and
went and met him in that place, trusting that it was Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family) because
the devil does not come in the image of the Imams (From Them is Peace). So, in the time of the
Riser, the believers are tested as well with their dreams and with believing their dreams and acting
upon them in support of the Qaim/Riser.
      The second part of Abraham’s test was that he was commanded to sacri ce his son. This
command in and of itself went against the Noahic commandment to not murder: “Whoever sheds
human blood, by humans shall their blood be shed; for in the image of God has God made
mankind.”13 So, Abraham (PBUH) had to not only go against the commandments of God which
he already knew, but he had to sacri ce his own son. What we learn from this is that God sometimes
tests us by giving us commands which are contradictory to our own moral compass or
contradictory to the religion we were taught before. He might test us with sacri cing our family, for
not everyone’s family will recognize this truth and travel with you upon this path. Abraham
(PBUH) also left Hajar and Ishmael (PBUT) in the desert and migrated towards God. We can
expect in the time of the Qaim/Riser (From Him is Peace) that the believers must make similar
choices and abandon or sacri ce their familial relationships in pursuit of God, the truth and the
establishment of a Divine Just State.


                                          The Test of Moses: Migration


Moses (PBUH) was a great test for the Israelites, for when he was sent to them, he could neither
speak Hebrew very well as he was raised in the palace of Pharaoh, speaking Egyptian, nor was he
accustomed to the ways of the Israelites. The last thing the Israelites were expecting was a Savior
from the house of Pharaoh. To them, Moses (PBUH) was an Egyptian, a son of the Pharaoh. For
that reason, in the time of the Qaim/Riser, God also sifted and tested the believers by giving them a
Savior who was raised in Egypt and then migrated to the West, America, and his Call begins from
the West. Imam Al-Kathim (From Him is Peace) was asked about the Mahdi, where is his Rise from
and where does he reside, to which he responded: “The likes of he who you asked of is like a pillar
which fell from the heavens, its head is from the West and its origin is from the East, so from where do
you see the pillar stand if it is raised up?” The man said: “From its head.” Imam Al-Kathim (PBUH)
said: “That is enough, from the West he shall rise and his origin is from the East and it is over there
that his Rise is established and his matter completed. And as such is the Mahdi (PBUH) and his


12
     The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 37 (Al-Sa at), Verse 105
13
     The Holy Bible, Book of Genesis, Chapter 9, Verse 6


                                                           516
                                                   tests


upbringing in the East and then he migrates to the West, and he rises from there and in the East his
matter is completed.”14
     There are many indications that the Qaim/Riser comes from the West. The traditions mention
that most of his companions are non-Arabs: “With the Qaim (PBUH) from the Arabs are few.”15
The believers are ordered to come to him even if crawling over ice and snow, and ice is known to
exist in Europe and America and not in the Middle East: “Come to him even if you were crawling
over ice…”16 His mother is non-Arab and from the West: “His mother is Roman.” So even if a matter
comes from a direction other than expected, contradictory to our expectations and belief, we
cannot reject it and apostatize using that as a reason. Then after recognizing that truth, perhaps as
the Israelites were tested with migrating with Moses (PBUH) and abandoning the lands of Pharaoh,
the believers are tested with migrating towards the Qaim/Riser (From Him is Peace).


                          The Test of Jesus: Internal & External Enemies


Even in the times of other Saviors of the past, such as the Messiah Jesus (PBUH), the believers had
to be sifted in order that none but the true believers remain. Before Jesus (PBUH) is arrested, he
says to Simon Peter (PBUH): “Simon, Simon, Satan has asked to sift all of you as wheat. But I have
prayed for you, Simon, that your faith may not fail. And when you have turned back, strengthen your
brothers.” But he replied, “Lord, I am ready to go with you to prison and to death.” Jesus answered, “I
tell you, Peter, before the rooster crows today, you will deny three times that you know me.”17 In the
story of Jesus (PBUH), we see an example of a sifting. The believers, the disciples, were faced with a
very hard test. They believed that Jesus (PBUH) is the Messiah, and they knew that the Jewish
traditions had stated that the Jewish Messiah will rule from Jerusalem and ll the world with justice
and equity as it had been lled with injustice and tyranny. They knew also that the one who
declared himself to be a Messiah falsely would not be able to ful ll the mission and promise given by
God to the true Messiah. Anyone who declared themselves to be the Messiah, while they were not,
God would cut o their life.
     Now they see Jesus (PBUH) who claimed to be the Messiah, being arrested and taken to the
Romans, where he is seemingly helpless and unable to defend himself. God and His angels do not
come to his rescue, and he is cruci ed and killed three years into his ministry. They were left
confused, full of questions: What does this all mean? How could this be? Is he truly the Messiah or
not? Was this a punishment because he claimed something that he was not? Doubt lled their hearts
and minds. Eventually, the disciples held rm to their faith, even though they abandoned Jesus
(PBUH) and denied him during his arrest and questioning. They would pass the test and go on to

14
   Sharḥ al-akhbār, Qadi Nu’man al-Maghribi, Vol. 3, p. 365
15
   Mizan Al-Hikmah (Scale of Wisdom), Mohammed Al-Reyshahri, Vol. 1, p. 186
16
   Kamāl al-dīn wa tamām al-niʿma, Al-Shaykh Al-Saduq, Vol. 1, p. 354
17
   The Holy Bible, Book of Luke, Chapter 22, Verses 31-34


                                                    517
                                                The Goal of the Wise


spread the message of Jesus (PBUH) all around the globe. But indeed, their test was a hard one, as
their test was to believe in Jesus (PBUH) even if he did not ful ll, in their minds, the criteria of a
Messiah. The believers with the Qaim/Riser (From Him is Peace) will be tested as well with
whether they will remain rm standing by his side and defending him against the enemies without
denying him, even when facing imprisonment or death.


                  The Test of Mohammed: Rising & Establishing a Divine Just State


Now the journey from Adam (PBUH) to Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) is one that went
from facing the non-working scholars with Adam (PBUH), to facing the test of time with Noah
(PBUH), to sacri cing traditional family relationships with Abraham (PBUH), to migrating with
Moses (PBUH), to staying strong in the face of the enemies with Jesus (PBUH) and enduring
oppression. Finally, the test with Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) was the test of rising and
establishing a Divine Just State. As such with the Qaim/Riser (From Him is Peace), the promise of
God must come and there must be established a Divine Just State, and the believers will be tested
with establishing and defending their own State. Not only that, but the believers will be tested with
remaining rm with the Qaim/Riser and not judging his actions no matter what they see or hear
from him.
      After the establishment of his state, Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) sifted his nation by the
appointment of his successor. Ali (From Him is Peace) was a clear example of a sifting which took
place. The nation, which was in the tens of thousands in number, was reduced to simply four true
believers after the death of Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family). But why would the
Muslim nation abandon the successor of Mohammed (PBUH & His Family)? Mohammed (PBUH
& His Family) was the perfect re ection and Caliph of God and thus he and his successor Ali ibn
Abi Talib (From Them is Peace) were carrying with them the full truth and true religion of God.
This true religion of God is heavy and only a few can handle it and for that reason accepting the
successors of Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) was very di cult for the people, because the
truths that they came with were di cult. Imam Al-Sajjad (From Him is Peace) said: “By God, if Abu
Dharr knew what was in the heart of Salman, he would have killed him, and the Prophet of Allah
made them brothers to one another, so what do you think about the rest of creation? Verily the
knowledge of those who know is extremely diﬃcult, and none can handle it except for a Prophet
Messenger or close angel or a believing servant whom God tested his heart for faith. Verily Salman
became of those who know because he is one of us Ahlul-Bayt, and for that reason he is likened to those
who know.”18 Imam Ali (From Him is Peace) once said to Abu Dharr: “If Salman spoke to you about
what he knew you would have said: ‘May God have mercy on the killer of Salman.’ ”19


18
     Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 22, p. 343
19
     Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 22, p. 374


                                                              518
                                                   tests


Even Jesus (PBUH) spoke about the fact that the truth is disturbing when he said: “Those who seek
should not stop seeking until they ﬁnd. When they ﬁnd, they will be disturbed.”20 Prophet
Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) said: “The truth is heavy and sour, and falsehood is light and
sweet.”21 Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) disturbed his nation with the truth many
times. However, due to the power and in uence of Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family),
the people remained under Islam until his death. As soon as he died, many people apostatized, and
the wars of apostasy began. The reason why the people apostatized after Mohammed (PBUH & His
Family) was because they saw and heard many disturbing matters from him during his life. They
were saying they were Muslims in the apparent, but in reality, they concealed their disbelief.
Encountering a disturbing matter is a great form of sifting and testing. To nd something
disturbing is due to the fact that it goes against preconceived notions or ideas that we had. We think
something is right and another thing is wrong only to be told or discover that Prophet Mohammed
(PBUH & His Family) says that this is wrong and that is right. The person who is not grounded in
faith cannot handle when hearing that the beliefs he previously held were wrong, and that person
becomes disturbed and his brain attempts to explain the contradiction in his mind and heart by
rejecting the Prophet and his message, declaring them to be false or agents of Satan. Imam Ali
(From Him is Peace) said: “Something suspicious is called suspicious because it resembles the truth.”22
People become confused between those matters which are truths but resemble falsehood or those
matters which are false but resemble the truth.
     For example, in the story of the Righteous Servant, Moses (PBUH) becomes confused regarding
the Righteous Servant because his actions resemble falsehood even though they are truths. The
Righteous Servant puts a hole in the ship of some poor people who gave him a lift and kills a boy
who had committed no sin and xes the wall in the town of the oppressors. These actions in the
apparent are wrong and/or evil. But it is only through understanding the reasons that the actions
turn from falsehood to truth in the eyes of Moses (PBUH). The Righteous Servant reveals that he
actually put a hole in the ship so that it would not be seized by the oppressive king who was coming
towards them seizing all the ships of the area. With this piece of information, it became clear to
Moses (PBUH) that the Righteous Servant was actually trying to help and not harm the poor
people. The Righteous Servant reveals that he killed the boy because he was a disbeliever who would
harm the parents, and so with this piece of information it became clear that the Righteous Servant’s
apparent act of mercilessness was an act of mercy. The nal act of restoring the wall was an act of
mercy towards the two orphans who owned a treasure underneath that wall. Restoring the wall was
for the purpose of protecting the treasure until they grow up and dig it up themselves. As such is
the case with the believers who come close to the truth, they rst follow the Messenger, and when
they see an action from him that is apparently evil or wrong, they become disturbed and apostatize

20
   The Gospel of Thomas, The Nag Hammadi Scriptures, Marvin Meyer, p. 139
21
   Mizan Al-Hikmah (Scale of Wisdom), Mohammed Al-Reyshahri, Vol. 1, p. 655
22
   Sharḥ Nahj Al-Balāgha, Ibn Abi Al-Hadid, Vol. 2, p. 298


                                                    519
                                             The Goal of the Wise


before understanding the reason. For this reason, Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace)
always advised the believers that if they were to remain on this path they had to have: “Patience and
then patience and then patience and then submission”, meaning to have patience over what they will
see and hear until they understand the reason, and when they understand the reason, to submit to it
and accept it. Here are some examples of incidents with Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His
Family) which disturbed his companions and caused them to apostatize.


                        Questioning the Source & Mechanisms of Revelation


There were many accusations against Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) during his life
that he was a liar, a fraud, and a deceiver. They accused him of not receiving any revelation from
God. In fact, they said he was plagiarizing his material from others or having people word it for him.
These accusations would not mean much had they been coming from enemies of Islam and
Mohammed (PBUH & His Family), for naturally the disbeliever and enemy will throw lies and
accusations at his opponent. However, these accusations were coming from believers, they were
coming from the Prophet’s own scribes. It is a little known fact amongst Muslims that Prophet
Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) had 42 scribes who would write down his revelations from
God, the Holy Qur’an.23 Several of these scribes apostatized. One of them was Abdullah ibn Abi
Al-Sarh, who migrated to Medina and was a close and trusted companion of the Prophet (PBUH &
His Family) and was assigned by the Prophet the duty of being a scribe of the Holy Qur’an.
     There are a couple of stories surrounding Abdullah, one of them being that one day the Prophet
(PBUH & His Family) dictated to him the 14th verse of Surah Al-Mu’minun (Chapter 23), which
stated: “Then We developed the drop into a clinging clot ˹of blood˺, then developed the clot into a lump
˹of ﬂesh˺, then developed the lump into bones, then clothed the bones with ﬂesh, then We brought it into
being as a new creation.”24 Abdullah, astonished by the detail in the verse, said: “So Blessed is Allah,
the Best of Creators.”25 Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) said to him: “Yes, write it down
with the verse, that is how it came down.”26 Abdullah began to doubt the Prophethood of
Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) and thought to himself, how could this be? Is the revelation
coming down upon me as well? Mohammed must be a liar.27 Abdullah decided to change some of
the words as the Prophet (PBUH & His Family) would dictate them to him, so if the Prophet of
God (PBUH & His Family) would tell him to write, “Verily, God is All-Knowing, All-Wise”, he
would write, “All-Forgiving, Most Merciful” and if he tells him to write, “All-Forgiving, Most
Merciful”, he would write, “All-Knowing, All-Wise.”28 He then claimed that the Prophet didn’t

23
   Al-Tarekh Al-Islami (Islamic History), Mahmud Shakir, p. 355
24
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 23 (Al-Mu’minun), Verse 14
25
   Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 22, p. 34
26
   Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 22, p. 34
27
   Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 22, p. 34
28
   Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 22, p. 34


                                                        520
                                                       tests


even notice the changes he made, and he disbelieved completely in Mohammed (PBUH & His
Family) and in the middle of the night he escaped to Mecca and went back to his old religion.
     The Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) was extremely angry and ordered his death.
When the Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) and the Muslim army conquered Mecca,
there were 4 men and 2 women whom the Prophet ordered that they must be killed, even if they
were found holding onto the curtains of the Kaaba.29 Abdullah was one of them. Uthman ibn
A an eventually begged for his forgiveness and interceded for him with the Prophet30 and Abdullah
was forgiven and went back into Islam. More controversies took place with the scribes of
Mohammed (PBUH & His Family), a second scribe apostatized and made the exact same
accusations against Mohammed (PBUH & His Family). Anas ibn Malik said: “There was a
Christian man who became a Muslim and read Surah Al-Baqarah and Surah Al-Imran and he used
to write for the Prophet (PBUH) and he returned to being a Christian. He would say: ‘Mohammed
does not know except what I wrote for him.’ The man passed away and they buried him and in the
morning his body was thrown out of the earth. The people said: ‘This is the doing of Mohammed and
his companions, they searched for him after he ﬂed from them and threw him.’ So they dug a hole for
him in the ground as deep as they could, and the next morning the earth had thrown him out of the
grave again, so they said: ‘This is the doing of Mohammed and his companions, they searched for him
after he ﬂed from them and threw him.’ So they dug a hole for him in the ground as deep as they could,
and the next morning the earth had thrown him out of the grave again, so they knew it was not from
the people so they threw him.”31
     The Muslims were disturbed because they thought that the angel Gabriel (PBUH) or God
would speak to Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) as humans do, reciting to him word for word,
letter for letter, the Holy Qur’an. When they saw what they saw, they assumed him to be a false
Prophet and it appeared to them as if he was actually making up the Qur’an or plagiarizing verses
which he thought worked from his scribes and adding it to the Holy Qur’an. The truth, however, as
we previously said in this Book, is that the Holy Qur’an is the words of Mohammed (PBUH & His
Family). He spoke the words and had them written down in the way he saw t to express the greater
truths which were inspired to him by God. So, for example, God is All-Knowing, All-Wise and


29
   Al-Qasim ibn Zakariya ibn Dinar said: Ahmad bin Mufaddel spoke to me and said: Asbat spoke to us and said, Z’am
   Al-Suddi narrated on the authority of Musab ibn Saad, on the authority of his father, he said: “On the day of the
   conquest of Mecca, the Messenger of God, peace and blessings be upon him, granted people safety except for four
   men and two women, and he said: ‘Kill them, even if you nd them hanging onto the curtains of the Kaaba.’”
    - As-Sunan al-Kubra, Al-Nisai, Vol. 2, p. 302
30
   The following was narrated about this incident: “And the Messenger of God (PBUH & His Family) ordered his
   killing, and when it was the day of the conquest, Uthman took him by the hand to the Messenger of God (PBUH &
   His Family) in the mosque, and said: ‘O Messenger of God, forgive him’, so the Messenger of God (PBUH & His
   Family) remained silent. So he repeated what he said and the Messenger of God (PBUH & His Family) remained
   silent. So he repeated what he said to which the Messenger of God (PBUH & His Family) replied: ‘I have granted you
   your request.’ ” - Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 22, p. 34
31
   Sahih Al-Bukhari, Al-Bukhari, Book of Merits, Hadith No. 3617


                                                        521
                                             The Goal of the Wise


All-Forgiving and all three of these attributes describe a God who is in nitely capable of all things,
so it doesn’t really matter which words or phrases he uses so long as the idea comes through to those
who are believing in the message.
      Perhaps, if the scribes at the time understood the mechanisms of revelation and divine
communication, they would have been more accepting. Perhaps, if they had understood that this is
how divine revelation had always been, taken a less literal stance, or if they had simply asked the
Prophet himself (PBUH & His Family) instead of escaping and apostatizing, they would have
understood and would have not done what they did. For example, it is written in some sources that
the story of Dhul-Qarnain (PBUH) in Surah Al-Kahf (Chapter 18) contains verses from a poem
that was written in pre-Islamic times by one of the scribes of Mohammed (PBUH & His Family).
Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) liked the verses and ordered the scribe to adopt it in Surah
Al-Kahf. If this is true, then it doesn’t invalidate the Prophethood of Mohammed (PBUH & His
Family), because simply, God could have informed Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) that the
story was accurate and Mohammed was free to translate this message to his people in whatever way
he saw t, whether through re-writing the whole story in his own words or adopting it partially
from his scribe.
      Imagine being one of the Muslims at the time, hearing that the scribes of Prophet Mohammed
(PBUH & His Family) had apostatized and ran away to Mecca. Imagine hearing that they said that
the Prophet was not a true Prophet and did not know except what they wrote, and that they
changed the words of the divine revelation, and he did not even realize it. Imagine them saying that
he was stealing their knowledge and words. That would have been a great test of faith and loyalty,
and a great sifting at the time. Only those who were rm in faith would not doubt and the rest
would shake like the leaves of a tree in the middle of a severe storm. If several of the 42 closest and
most trusted companions of Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family), his own scribes who
witnessed and wrote down the divine revelation, could apostatize and claim he was a liar and never
received divine revelations from God, one should not be surprised if some of the closest
companions of Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), perhaps some of the 42, did the
same and belied that the Qaim/Riser (From Him is Peace) ever received revelation from Imam
Mahdi (PBUH & His Family). Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) said: “You will follow
the ways of those nations who were before you, span by span and cubit by cubit (i.e., inch by inch) so
much so that even if they entered a hole of a lizard, you would follow them.”32


                                        The Test of Sexual Relations


One of the matters which disturbed the Christians and the Arabs in the time of Prophet
Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) was his relations with women. The Prophet’s (PBUH & His


32
     Tafsir al-Mizan, Muhammad Husayn Tabatabai, Vol. 3, p. 380


                                                        522
                                                  tests


Family) marriages and relations with women is still a controversial matter in this very day and age
and many people use it to argue against Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) and Islam.
They refer to the fact that he did not obey God’s very rules in the Qur’an, for the Qur’an allowed
four wives for every man, and the Prophet (PBUH & His Family) married many more than that. It
was narrated that he had nine permanent wives in his life and several other women whom he
married for a short period of time (Muta) and others besides those who were slaves or handmaidens
or women that he married and divorced. It is also narrated that he had asked other women for their
hand in marriage, but they refused. The Christians would compare this to Jesus (PBUH) and say
Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) is an ungodly man. They knew more about Mohammed’s
(PBUH & His Family) history than the Muslims and would write about him in their books and
plays and poems and try to discredit him and his religion. In one such poem, Dante’s Inferno, by
the famous Italian writer Dante Alighieri, Mohammed is seen in the eighth circle of hell.
   The rst circle of hell is Limbo for the unbaptized and virtuous non-Christians. The second
circle of hell is for the lustful and adulterers. Here is where Dante placed Cleopatra and Helen of
Troy. The third circle of hell is for the gluttons who cannot control their bellies. The fourth circle of
hell is for the greedy, all those who fought over money and material wealth. The fth circle of hell is
for those controlled by their anger and wrath. The sixth circle of hell is for the heretics who
blaspheme against religion and believe in heresies. The seventh circle is for the violent murderers
and killers. The eighth circle is for those who are frauds and liars and in it he placed Mohammed
and Ali (PBUT). The only circle lower than that is the ninth circle in which he places Satan
chewing on Judas, the betrayer of Christ.
   In the books of the Muslims, the authority, rights, and powers of Prophet Mohammed (PBUH
& His Family) are explicitly recognized and noted. Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) had
many rights concerning not just women but in all aspects of life as well. In the famous Islamic
qur’anic interpretation book, Tafsir Al-Qurtobi, it says:


        As for what was declared permissible for Prophet Mohammed (PBUH), it is a total of
        16 points:
        First – Choosing the best from the war booty before its distribution.
        Second - Taking the ﬁfth of the ﬁfth, or the ﬁfth.
        Third - Continuous fasting.
        Fourth - Taking more than four women.
        Fifth - Marriage in the form of a gift (being gifted a wife).
        Sixth - Marriage without a guardian (for the woman).
        Seventh - Marriage without a dowry.
        Eighth - Marriage while in the state of Ihram.
        Ninth - The obligation of establishing equality in the time spent with the wives is lifted
        oﬀ of him, explanation will follow.


                                                   523
                                 The Goal of the Wise


Tenth - If his sight falls on a woman, her husband must divorce her, and his marriage
to her is permissible for him. Ibn Al-Arabi said: This is what Imam Al-Haramayn
said, and the scholars have provided a similar explanation to the story of Zaid in this
sense.
Eleventh - That he freed Saﬁya and made her freedom her dowry.
Twelfth - He entered Mecca without Ihram, and we have a diﬀerence in opinion
regarding this.
Thirteenth - Fighting in Mecca.
Fourteenth - That he is not inherited from.
This was mentioned in the analysis section, only because if death approaches a man by
illness, most of his property is removed from him, and only one third is left for him,
and the possessions of the Messenger of God (PBUH) remain according to what was
clariﬁed in the verse of inheritance and Surah Maryam.
Fifteenth - His wives remain his wives after his death.
Sixteenth - If he divorces a woman, his sanctity remains with her, so no one is allowed
to marry her after that. These three sections are mostly presented in detail in their
respective sections which will follow, God-willing.
And it was permitted for him (peace and prayers be upon him) to take food and drink
from the hungry and thirsty, even if he who is with him fears death for himself,
because of the Almighty’s saying: “Surely the Prophet has a greater claim over the
believers than they have over their own selves.” [Surah Al-Ahzab: 6].
It is upon every one of the Muslims to protect the Prophet (PBUH), and it was
permitted for him to protect himself.
God honored him by making the taking of war booty permissible for him. The whole
earth was made for him and his nation a place of prayer and it was made pure. There
were Prophets whose prayers were not valid except if they were in mosques. Victory was
given to him by fear, the enemy would fear him from a month worth of distance. He
was sent to all of creation, and before him were Prophets who were sent to a group of
people and not to others. His miracles were like the miracles of the Prophets before him
and more. The miracle of Moses (PBUH) was the stick and water gushing out of a
rock. The moon was split for the Prophet (peace and prayers be upon him) and water
came out from between his ﬁngers (peace and prayers be upon him). The miracle of
Jesus (peace and prayers be upon him) was resurrecting the dead and healing the blind
and lepers, while pebbles gloriﬁed God in the hands of the Prophet (peace and prayers
be upon him) and a tree branch leaned towards him, and this is greater. God favored
him over them by making the Qur’an a miracle for him, and made his miracle




                                           524
                                                           tests


         remain in him until the Day of Resurrection, and for this reason his Prophethood was
         made eternal, and it is not nulliﬁed until the Day of Resurrection.33


Firstly, what can be concluded from the above is that Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family)
had more of a right over everything than the people, including their own selves, their wives, their
children, their property, their food and drink, etc. The Holy Qur’an states, “The Prophet has more of
a right over the believers than their own selves...”34 A Muslim must give up his wife if the Prophet
desired her, he must give up his life to protect the Prophet’s life, etc. He has priority in all things.
These are the rights that David (PBUH) and Solomon (PBUH) had, and these are the rights of
every Prophet and Messenger (PBUT) and what is accepted for one Prophet must be accepted for
every Prophet, and what was acceptable for Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) must be acceptable
for the Mahdis (PBUT). The ruling of Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) in relation to
the people is similar to the ruling of “What your right hands own.”35
     So, because all of creation was created by God, and since He sustains it, His Messengers and
divinely appointed Kings have the same rights that God would have over His creation. They are His
representatives and are delegated complete authority and if they were to destroy creation, they are
also free to do so. “We said: O Dhul-Qarnain! Either punish them or treat them kindly.”36 The
ruling of the divinely appointed King towards creation is like the ruling of a father towards his son.
In Islam, any person who kills another person without just cause (i.e. self-defense, war, etc.) is to be
killed, except for a father who kills their own son. The father who kills his own son is not charged
with murder because he gave his son life and therefore, he is immune from prosecution if he takes it
away. Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) said: “Me and Ali ibn Abi Talib are the fathers of
this nation and our rights over them are greater than the rights of parents. Verily, we save them if they
obey us from hellﬁre and place them in paradise and take them out of slavery and make them catch up
with the best of the free.”37
     Secondly, we must state that in terms of the Jews and Christians who are attacking Mohammed
(PBUH & His Family) on the basis of sexual relations or marriages, or the religion of Islam based on
sexual speech or imagery, the Bible and the Torah are exactly the same if not much more explicit
than the Holy Qur’an and narrations. For example, the Song of Solomon is a section in the Old
Testament which speaks about Prophet Solomon (PBUH), who according to the biblical narrative
had a thousand wives. The entire Song of Solomon is a poem between Solomon and his lovers
detailing their feelings towards one another and their sexual acts. Here are a few verses for the
purpose of demonstrating:


33
   Tafsir Al-Qurtobi, Al-Qurtobi, Vol. 14, pp. 212-213
34
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 33 (Al-Ahzab), Verse 6
35
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 4 (Al-Nisa), Verse 36
36
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 18 (Al-Kahf), Verse 86
37
   Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 36, p. 11


                                                           525
                                              The Goal of the Wise




         How beautiful are your sandaled feet, princess!
         The curves of your thighs are like jewelry,
         the handiwork of a master.
         Your navel is a rounded bowl;
         it never lacks mixed wine.
         Your waist is a mound of wheat
         surrounded by lilies.
         Your breasts are like two fawns,
         twins of a gazelle.38


         Your stature is like a palm tree;
         your breasts are clusters of fruit.
         I said, “I will climb the palm tree
         and take hold of its fruit.”
         May your breasts be like clusters of grapes,
         and the fragrance of your breath like apricots.


         Your mouth is like ﬁne wine—
         ﬂowing smoothly for my love,
         gliding past my lips and teeth!
         I belong to my love,
         and his desire is for me.39


         It also states:


         As an apple tree among the trees of the forest,
         so is my beloved among the young men.
         With great delight I sat in his shadow,
         and his fruit was sweet to my taste.40


In the book of Ezekiel, God Almighty is even more sexually explicit in His description of Samaria
and Jerusalem as He compares them to two prostitutes who lust over foreign men:




38
   The Holy Bible, Song of Songs, Chapter 7, Verses 1-3
39
   The Holy Bible, Song of Songs, Chapter 7, Verses 7-10
40
   The Holy Bible, Song of Songs, Chapter 2, Verse 3


                                                           526
                                                         tests


            Yet she became more and more promiscuous as she recalled the days of her youth, when
            she was a prostitute in Egypt. There she lusted after her lovers, whose genitals were like
            those of donkeys and whose emission was like that of horses. So you longed for the
            lewdness of your youth, when in Egypt your bosom was caressed and your young breasts
            fondled.41


They call Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) an ungodly man who is obsessed with sex
and yet they forget what the rst Kings of the Jews and the predecessors of Jesus (PBUH), Saul and
David did. Saul had asked David (PBUH) for a dowry in exchange for his daughter’s hand in
marriage. He did not ask for gold nor silver, but he asked for 100 Philistine foreskins, that is penis
skins. David brought him back more than he asked for.


            Saul replied, “Say to David, ‘The king wants no other price for the bride than a
            hundred Philistine foreskins, to take revenge on his enemies.’ ” Saul’s plan was to have
            David fall by the hands of the Philistines. When the attendants told David these
            things, he was pleased to become the king’s son-in-law. So before the allotted time
            elapsed, David took his men with him and went out and killed two hundred
            Philistines and brought back their foreskins. They counted out the full number to the
            king so that David might become the king’s son-in-law. Then Saul gave him his
            daughter Michal in marriage.42


Since the Mahdis (PBUT) are inheritors of the Prophets and the Messengers (PBUT), and they rule
by the rules of the Prophets and the Messengers (PBUT), all those matters which applied to
Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) could apply to the Mahdis (PBUT), as it applied to all the
Prophets and Messengers (PBUT) and there would not be a valid reason why anyone could object
or reject the faith based on that. In fact, if they wrote sexual poetry, spoke in a sexually explicit
manner or asked for the severed foreskins of their enemies, all that too would not be a valid reason
for anyone to object to their rule or reject their religion. Because if the person accepts this from one
Messenger of God, then he must accept it from all Messengers of God. The Christians, if they
accept that David and Solomon (PBUT) were from God, then they cannot reject Mohammed
(PBUH & His Family) for simply doing as their Prophets did. We can also expect that just as they
threw accusations against Joseph (PBUH) and Mohammed (PBUH & His Family), they will also
accuse some of the Mahdis (PBUT) of the same and none of it will be a valid reason to doubt,
disbelieve or apostatize. We cannot use our own preconceived notions of right and wrong, good and
bad to judge the Prophets and Messengers (PBUT) so long as they ful ll the three criteria; the Will,
Knowledge, and calling towards the Supremacy of God.
41
     The Holy Bible, Book of Ezekiel, Chapter 23, Verses 19-21
42
     The Holy Bible, Book of 1 Samuel, Chapter 18, Verses 25-27


                                                           527
                                             The Goal of the Wise


                                            The Righteous Father


Just as Moses (PBUH) had his journey with the Righteous Servant, I had my journey with Imam
Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace). It was a journey in which he took me and disciplined me
and taught me. I will highlight a small part of my journey with Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From
Him is Peace).
      One day I said to Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), “My Father, I have come to hear
your knowledge and these matters which I asked you of, their secret is with you and no one other than
you. And I am ready to hear anything from you and accept it and there is nothing that you can say
that I won’t handle, enlighten me with the truth.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “God bless you son.”
      After a while, and on one particular night the Imam (From Him is Peace) came to me while I
least expected it and he said to me a speech which caused me to go silent and on the inside shake and
sweat began to drop from my body.
      I said to the Imam (From Him is Peace), “Ok, but what is going to happen?”43
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) replied, “You are not a believer.”
      I felt suddenly ill and even though I accepted what he had told me, I was disturbed by what I
heard. A large patch of my beard went white, and I could not stomach any food. My organs were
refusing to accept food or water and I could barely force my lungs to take in air. I became extremely
ill and remained as such, barely eating or drinking a thing for a month. The Imam (From Him is
Peace) left me during this time and did not speak to me. I was losing weight rapidly and was struck
with a fever for the entire month and I felt as if I was dying.
      One day at the end of the month, I said to the Imam (From Him is Peace), “I think I am dying,
please help me Father.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “I shall tell you something, God had ordained that you die
tonight, in exactly 20 minutes from now, but I shall lift it oﬀ you. Go to the hospital.”
      I went to the hospital and the doctors ran all the tests that they could on me. They could not
     nd anything wrong with me. They did X-rays, blood tests, everything that they could think of and
all of the results were normal. They fed me sugar water through an IV to give my body much
needed energy since I could not eat anything or drink. I felt better and the fever went away.
      I said to the Imam (From Him is Peace), “What happened? I went to the hospital, and they
couldn’t ﬁnd anything wrong with me.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “And they will not ﬁnd anything wrong with you because
there is nothing wrong with you physically. It was God.”
      I said, “My Father, Adam told me that you said that the Ansar in Iraq, most of them, their faith is
about 70 percent.”
43
     This question came in the context of a command that Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan gave to Aba Al-Sadiq (From Them is
     Peace). Aba Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace) immediately accepted, then asked this question.


                                                        528
                                                         tests


      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes son, I said that.”
      I said, “Is that in Iraq only or all the Ansar?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Most of them are like that.”
      I said, “And what about me, Father?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “You are 90 percent.”
      I said, “There is no power nor strength except through God, what is that 10 percent? Is it doubt or
what?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “It is not doubt, rather it is just non-submission in some
matters.”
      I said, “Is there anyone who has a higher percentage?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Those with me are 100 percent. You can be 99 percent or are
supposed to be 99 percent.”
      I said, “So it’s not possible to be like that now?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “One thing will make you reach that.”
      I said, “What is that which will make me reach that?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “To remove all love which is higher than the love of God from
your heart. Do so and you will not only be 99 percent but you will be Ahmed Al-Hassan.”
      I said, “My Father, this is about that test? All of this because I just asked, ‘What will happen?’,
knowing that I did not refuse, then you said I was not a believer?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, don’t ask, my son, don’t ask if you trust in me. You are
supposed to trust in me blindly. Your trust in me should have no limits.”44
      I said, “My Father, I don’t know what to say. I did not see the matter as such.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Say what you want but don’t say what you do not do.”
      I said, “I have sinned. When I asked I only… Nevermind, there is no need for making excuses in
front of you, I am guilty and you have already issued your judgment. So shall I ever reach or is it done
for me like this at 90 percent?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The matter is in your hands, you can reach completion
right now or you can stay as you are and you can also go backwards.”
      I said, “And what would happen then, would I die and everything be over?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “That shall not happen, God-willing.”
      I said, “You said before that I could not be replaced or die or else you would die?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, I said that.”
      I said, “Does that mean that I shall reach completion?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Why do you even put in your mind that possibility, the
possibility of going backwards?”

44
     Aba Al-Sadiq’s (From Him is Peace) question is similar to a great extent to the words of Abraham (PBUH) when he
     said: “Yes, but just so my heart can be reassured.” However, what Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) wants
     is complete and absolute trust in his words without the need for reassurance.


                                                            529
                                               The Goal of the Wise


      I said, “I am not, because I know that I shall never repeat my mistake, God-willing. Ever. Every day
I wish that I could go back in time. That day does not go away from my mind and I never forget the
pain.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “My son, rip out every old tradition which you learned from
your heads. You are above the jurisprudence and are not subjected to it. You are from another world in
which the permissible there is diﬀerent than this hallal here, and the impermissible there is diﬀerent
than the haram here. Understand, I beg you. Understand what I want. Understand and be free. Be
free, son, be free.”
      I said, “Teach me then, my Father. Teach me the hallal and the haram. I want to be.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “My son, are you going to be able to handle it? Will you be
patient?”
      I said, “I swear I will be patient, but just tell me.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) taught me many things after that and I accepted them. I also
made up for the matter which he had not liked. I had still been very shaken by the incident of God
attempting to kill me. I knew that it was written that God had tried to kill Moses (PBUH) and
others before, “At a lodging place on the way, the Lord met Moses and was about to kill him.”45 It was
a very big shock to my system and was disturbing to me. One day I decided to talk to my Father
(From Him is Peace) about it. It was on his birthday, in the very early years of the Call.
      I said, “I need to confess something to you, but I did not like that this confession be my birthday gift
to you.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Welcome, my son. It shall be the best present because it
[confession] is a preference.”
      I said, “Something has disturbed me and worried me. I ask from you forgiveness and pardon in
advance.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “I forgive you before you say anything, and I pardon you
before you say anything.”
      My tears were falling down my face and I said, “Thank you, my Father. In the beginning I thought
that God was with me and protecting me, and I could feel His presence everywhere and He would give
me signs and speak to me on the tongues of the people, and I could speak to Him night and day and I
would see Him in the moon and sun and the stones and the stars.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “And your thoughts are true.”
      I said, “But when I fell ill and you told me that God was wanting to kill me at 2 a.m., I became
ﬁlled with the feeling that God was willing to give me up, and perhaps He would kill me over
anything.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “God does not give up his righteous servants, verily God
disciplines and brings you to the edge of death and does not kill you, then suddenly He brings you back


45
     The Holy Bible, Book of Exodus, Chapter 4, Verse 24


                                                           530
                                                  tests


in order that He shows you what is right and corrects your path. Have certitude in one thing, and
safeguard it until the end of your life, rather until the last moment.”
   I said, “Yes Father.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Even if God killed you, He is true.”
   I said, “Yes.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Noah (PBUH) for example, reached the edge of death and
Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) too and many of the Prophets and vicegerents.”
   I said, “Why Father?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Because they are not normal humans, and their mistakes
were counted against them. God did that to them in order that He teach them and discipline them and
strengthen their resolve.”
   I said, “But wasn’t Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) in that time inherently infallible without
any mistakes?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “He did not have a mistake which would lead the servants
astray, and he was infallible in the sense that he could not lead anyone astray, but he did make
mistakes in his personal life, but don’t think that they are big mistakes. They are very small and
simple mistakes, perhaps you wouldn’t even think twice about them, but for Mohammed (PBUH &
His Family) they were big and should not come out of a man like him. Perhaps he only had one real
mistake and he learned a lot from it. Noah too, and other than them, like Job, but they diﬀer from
Mohammed (PBUH & His Family).”
   I said, “What happened, my Father, made me question many things, and made me wonder if God
killed me, where would I go? To hellﬁre or where?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “These questions come from a conscience which is alive but be
sure, God is disciplining you and shall not kill you, He shows you the bitterness and pain of death, but
He does not put that into eﬀect with you, He shows you hellﬁre and does not throw you in it.”
   I said, “It seems this happens with me a lot. It happened with Jeremiah and with Enoch.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, I told you it happened with many Prophets and
vicegerents, my dear son, this is a large sea, and you shall learn in every hour that passes something
new, until your bones are harder than rocks.”
   That chapter had ended for me, and I understood the type of submission that was required,
absolute submission and trust, and I continued to walk on my path with the righteous Father. On
one particular day, I had wanted to learn from my Father what I considered to be the greatest
miracle ever performed by one of the greatest Prophets (PBUT), Jesus (PBUH). That miracle was
the raising of Lazarus from the dead.
   I said, “When Abraham (PBUH) asked God in the Qur’an to show him how He gave life to the
dead, did he do that using the Greater name of God or something else?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “No my son, that is a great knowledge but whoever has the
Greater name of God is able to do that, and this is something easy for them to do.”


                                                   531
                                         The Goal of the Wise


   I said, “How did he do it, my Father? Can you teach me?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “If I teach you this then there shall remain nothing for your
brother Jesus (PBUH) that you don’t have.”
   I said, “Teach me, Father.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “You can raise the dead through your certitude.”
   I said, “I want to do so; I want to see the power of the Lord and the power of the mind.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Ok, I shall teach you under one condition, I shall tell you
something on Friday to do, if you can do it, then I shall teach you afterwards and if you are unable to
do it, then I shall not teach you, do we have a deal?”
   I said, “Yes.”
   Friday came and I approached him (From Him is Peace) about what he had promised.
   I said, “My Father, what is the matter that you wanted to know if I could do it?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Do you know that my heart cannot bear that I tell you.”
   I said, “Why Father?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “You want to learn how to raise the dead.”
   I said, “Yes.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “That shall not be except that you have absolute faith that
there is no power nor strength except through God.”
   I said, “Absolute faith in God or in myself that I can or what?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “In God and in yourself that you are capable of doing it
through ‘there is no power nor might except through God’ and at the same time you must believe that
you are unable to do anything without the mercy of God upon you. When you reach that, there will be
something which you can take from me. But the pillar is, that there is no strength nor power except
through God, the Most High, the Most Great.”
   I said, “And how do I know if I reach?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “I shall know that you reached that before you do.”
   I said, “There is no power nor strength except through God, what does that mean, my Father?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “My son, I shall say it to you bluntly.”
   I said, “Please do, my Father, make me understand.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “When you believe that if you kill Maleeka and cut her into
pieces and believe that God can return her, it shall be then that I shall say to you, O Abdullah the poor,
now there is no fear upon you nor shall you grieve, and I, your Father Ahmed, shall say to you a
matter. You are capable of this and one day you shall reach this.”
   I learned here what the meaning of certitude was, and I understood that absolute certitude was
required and what it felt like and how it must be if we were to accomplish a Divine Just State and if
we were to perform the miracles of the previous Prophets and Messengers (PBUT). If we were truly
believers, then we should be able to have no fear of anything and absolute trust in God. I continued
to walk my path with the righteous Father.


                                                    532
                                                   tests


   One day I said to the Imam (From Him is Peace), “I want to be complete.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “I want you to go and set a ﬁre, a large ﬁre, and feed it so
that it is so big that a group of people could stand in it, and so hot that if you were to throw iron into it,
it would melt and become liquid.”
   I said, “Yes, I shall do it.”
   I gathered a few of my companions and we set a giant re and we continued to feed it with pieces
of furniture and other items until it was so hot that we could barely stand around it. We would feel
the esh on our faces burning and the hair of our arms and faces burning.
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Now go into it, you and your companions.”
   I was shocked and I looked at the re as it was burning. I knew that this was it, unless a miracle
happened, it would be instant death. I shut my eyes and said: “Yes Father, your will shall be done.”
Me and my companions dashed forward into the ames and reached the center of the re. We were
in shock, but we did not feel any heat. It was cool and calm. We were not burning. We were not
dead. We were standing still calmly watching the ames engulf everything around us. I saw visions
in the ame, I saw my past burning and who I was and used to be. I could see all alternative future
timelines burning to the ground. I could see that by this choice to enter into the ames, I had set
myself on re and allowed for no other possibility to remain but the one He chose for me. My body
was not burning, but my will and my doubts and my fears, and my desires all burnt into the ground.
The only thing that remained was Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), his voice within me.
Blessed are those who were in the re and those around it. At that moment, the Imam (From Him
is Peace) stepped into the ames.
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Today your companions proved to you that they believe in
you, and today you proved to yourself that you can do anything.”
   I cried tears of joy and said, “Thank you, my Father!”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “This is a proof for you. As for me, I do not need the likes of
this to be a proof for me, for I know the hidden matters of the hearts, I look in it whenever I will, and I
know what is in it. I love you, my son.”
   I said, “Forgive me all my shortcoming in your right. I love you Father.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Upon you and your companions is a thousand greetings and
peace.”




                                                     533
The Goal of the Wise




        534
                                  Door Number Thirty-nine


                                                  Egypt1




    “O Egypt! O Egypt! Your knowledge will survive but in legends,
         which later generations will be unable to believe.”




1
    This Door only reveals a part of what Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) has revealed about Egypt. More
    of the Imam’s knowledge and mysteries of Egypt will be revealed in the book Egypt, And What Do You Know About
    Egypt by Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace).
                                                The Goal of the Wise


                      he land of Egypt has played a central role in the story of God and creation,
                      especially in the Holy Bible and Qur’an. It is a land containing many divine
                      mysteries and legends. It is a blessed place that connects the ancient world to the
                      modern world and will play a major role in the Rise. The word in Arabic (‫ )ﻣﺼﺮ‬or
Masr (Egypt) is an epithet meaning follower of Asr or Asar (m-Asr or from Asr, ‫)ﻣﻦ ﻋﺼﺮ‬.2 The
second Mahdi is Asr (Mid-day). It also points to the end of time, as time is running out, or the end
of the day. Some critical questions arise: What is the role of ancient Egypt in shaping the Abrahamic
stories and religious practices? Why would the God of the Israelites instruct Moses (PBUH) and
David (PBUH) to erect temples in the exact same way as their enemies? If the ancient Egyptian
religions are completely false, then wouldn’t this make Judaism and the Abrahamic religions false as
well?
      One of the characters that are mentioned in the narrations of the Ahlul-Bayt (From Them is
Peace) is the Companion of Egypt. This character is strongly connected with the Yamani (From
Him is Peace), and he and the Yamani (From Him is Peace) emerge before the Sufyani. Imam
Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace) said: “There emerges before the Sufyani an Egyptian and a Yamani.”3
This prophecy was never realized nor did it come to pass except with the Companion of Egypt,
Abdullah Hashem, and the Yamani Ahmed Al-Hassan, both of whom were the only two to claim
the names “Ahmed” and “Abdullah” in the Will of the Holy Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His
Family). Ammar ibn Yassir said in a long narration where he describes the events before and around
the time of the Rise:


           …And there shall appear three individuals in Al-Sham, all of them are demanding
           rulership, a spotted man, and a red/lion man and a man from the family of
           Abu-Sufyan who emerges in Kalab, and keeps the people in Damascus, and the people
           of the West go out to Egypt. If they enter it then that is the sign of the Sufyani, and
           there emerges before that a person who calls to the Family of Mohammed (PBUT), and
           the Turks descend upon Hira, and the Romans descend upon Palestine, and Abdullah
           races Abdullah until their soldiers meet in Circesium at the river, and there shall be a
           great battle, and the companion of the West shall go forth and kill the men and
           capture the women and then return to Qays, until the Sufyani descends upon the
           island, and the Yamani shall go forth and the Sufyani will capture what they
           gathered. Then he shall go to Kufa and kill the helpers of the Family of Mohammed
           (PBUH & His Family) and he shall kill a man from them. Then the Mahdi shall
           come forth and his banner would be held by Shuaib ibn Saleh. If the people of Al-Sham
           realize that their country has come under the rule of the son of Abi Sufyan, they shall
           go to Mecca. At that time the pure soul shall be killed and his brother in Mecca, and a
2
    Legend: The Genesis of Civilization, David Rohl, pp. 451-452
3
    Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 52, p. 210


                                                           536
                                                   Egypt


        caller shall call from the sky: “O People! Your prince is so and so and that is the Mahdi
        who shall ﬁll the Earth with justice and equity as it was ﬁlled with injustice and
        oppression.” 4


The name Abdullah is associated with two gures in the events of the Rise, one is Abdullah the
Sufyani and the other is Abdullah the Riser. In the Book of Al-Fitan it is written: “If a man from the
Bani Abbas rules whose name is Abdullah, and he is the companion of the last Ain of them, by it they
opened and by it they end. He is the key to the sword of destruction, if a book of his was read in
Al-Sham that states, “from Abdullah the Prince of the Believers,” it won’t be long before a letter is read
from the Platform of Egypt that states, “From Abdullah Abd Al-Rahman the Prince of the Believers.”
If that happens the companions of the East and the companions of the West ﬂock towards Al-Sham like
two racing horses, each seeing that kingship shall not be established except by he who takes over
Al-Sham, each stating that whoever captures it has captured kingship.”5 In other narrations it is clear
that the characters that race towards Al-Sham in this time are the Mahdi and the Sufyani. Later in
the same book it states: “The Sufyani and the Mahdi emerge like two racing horses, the Sufyani
defeats everything ahead of him and the Mahdi defeats everything ahead of him.”6 Therefore, the
Sufyani and the Mahdi or the Riser are both named Abdullah, and the Mahdi/Riser is from Egypt
and his name is read on the Platform of Egypt and he is the Companion of Egypt.


                                           An Infallible Leader


Other than the name of the Companion of Egypt being Abdullah, the narrations of the Ahlul-Bayt
(From Them is Peace) have described the Companion of Egypt in great detail, and Imam Ali (From
Him is Peace) has said: “If the prince of princes rises in Egypt and the armies are readied.”7 This is
clearly an indication that the Companion of Egypt is a leader of leaders. Imam Al-Ridha (From
Him is Peace) said: “It is as if I am seeing banners coming from Egypt, they are stained green, and
shall come to Al-Sham and will be given to the son of the companion of the Wills.”8 Who is this son
and who is the companion of the Wills except for Ahmed and his son Abdullah mentioned in the
Will of Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family)? So clearly the Companion of Egypt is a Prince
who claims the Will. The Prince of the Believers Ali ibn Abi Talib (From Him is Peace) said: “The
Companion of Egypt is the sign of signs, and his sign is wondrous and it has signs to it, his heart is
Hassan (good) and his head is Mohammed and he changes the name of his grandfather. If he emerges,
know that the Mahdi will knock on your doors, so before he knocks, ﬂy to him in the domes of the clouds


4
  Mo’jam Ahadeeth Imam Al-Mahdi (AS), Al-Shaikh Ali Al-Korani, Vol. 1, pp. 329-330
5
  Kitab Al-Fitan, Naim ibn Hammad, p. 154
6
  Kitab Al-Fitan, Naim ibn Hammad, p. 205
7
  Asr-Al-Zuhur (Age of Appearance), Al-Shaikh Ali Al-Korani, p. 150
8
  Al-Irshad, Al-Shaikh Al-Mu d, Vol. 2, p. 376


                                                     537
                                           The Goal of the Wise


or come to him even if you must crawl on ice.”9 This one whom you must y to or crawl to, even on
ice, is the Companion of the Black Banners of the East, who is the Companion of Egypt, the Riser,
and a Mahdi. Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) said: “There shall ﬁght three at the site of
your treasure, every one of them is the son of a caliph, then it shall not go to any one of them. Then the
Black Banners shall come from the East, and they shall ﬁght you like you have never been fought before
by anyone. If you see him then pledge allegiance to him even if you have to crawl on ice, for verily he is
the Caliph of God, the Mahdi.”10 The Companion of Egypt is mentioned as the one who raises the
Black Banners of the East, and it is one of the signs of knowing who he is: “…He is patient, the
patience of the saints. And he raises the Black Banner. By God, the One who split the seed, he is the one
who paves the way for the Mahdi.”11


                                                Description


As for the physical traits of the Companion of Egypt, it is written about him in the book What Ali
(PBUH) said about the End of Times: “He is tall with red cheeks, he has good appearance, and changes
the name of his grandfather. He has a good heart with pure intentions. He has straight hair, and iron
eyes, his thought is correct, his beard is white, and it has in it beauty and light, and his upper half is
better than his lower half. He is known to the people but he is hidden.”12 It is known to the believers
that this description applies to the Companion of Egypt, Abdullah. It is also known that my
physical lineage is di erent from my spiritual lineage. I am Abdullah Karam Hashem, but I am also
Abdullah son of Ahmed son of Mohammed (PBUH & His Family). One day Imam Ahmed
Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) came to me and told me a secret that I did not know about myself.
     The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “How far back can you trace your name?”
     I said, “I know my name is Abdullah son of Karam son of Soliman son of Hashem son of Soliman.”
     The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “There is another name of one of your grandfathers, in it is a
great secret.”
     I said, “I don’t know beyond that.”
     The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Go and ask your physical father and let me know what he
says.”
     I went to my physical father and asked him. Then I returned to the Imam (From Him is Peace)
and said to him, “My father told me one more of my grandfather’s names. He said my name is
Abdullah son of Karam son of Soliman son of Hashem son of Soliman son of Al-Hadi (‫)اﻟﺤﺎدي‬.”
     The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, that is it. Al-Hadi (‫)اﻟﺤﺎدي‬. Do you know what
Al-Hadi (‫ )اﻟﺤﺎدي‬means?”

9
  What Imam Ali said concerning the End Times, Al-Sayed Ali Ashoor, p. 330
10
   Mo’jam Ahadeeth Imam Al-Mahdi (AS), Al-Shaikh Ali Al-Korani, Vol. 1, p. 427
11
   What Imam Ali said concerning the End Times, Al-Sayed Ali Ashoor, p. 328
12
   What Imam Ali said concerning the End Times, Al-Sayed Ali Ashoor, p. 328


                                                      538
                                                       Egypt


      I said, “The ﬁrst?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Exactly, Abdullah Al-Hadi (‫)اﻟﺤﺎدي‬, Abdullah the ﬁrst.
You will discover other matters as well concerning it.”
      And indeed, later the Imam (From Him is Peace) explained to me that I come before him in the
Will: Abdullah, Ahmed, Al-Mahdi. We discussed this matter earlier in the Book. I also discovered
that the name Al-Hadi (‫ )اﻟﺤﺎدي‬has other meanings in the Arabic language, such as ‘One,’ ‘Leader,’
‘Aldebaran Star,’ ‘The Two Planet Star (Mars),’ and ‘Cameleer.’ In a famous tradition, Imam Ali
(From Him is Peace) said: “I shall build in Egypt a platform, and I shall destroy Damascus brick by
brick, and I shall take out the Jews and the Christians from all the lands of the Arabs, and I shall drive
the Arabs with this staﬀ of mine.” He was asked: “It is as if you are saying you shall come to life after
your death?” The Imam (PBUH) responded: “Wait O Abaya, you have taken it in another way, a
man from me shall do it.”13 In this tradition we clearly see that Imam Ali (From Him is Peace) is
saying that a man from him, who is the Companion of Egypt, who builds the platform in Egypt
and ghts the Sufyani in Damascus, will drive the Arabs with his sta like a Cameleer drives his
     ock of camels.


                                     Egypt Is the Mother of the World


Egypt is the mother of the world, a famous saying that all Egyptians are familiar with. In many ways it
is true. Egypt is in Africa and is the oldest civilization in Africa. Africa is considered to be the cradle
and mother of civilization. It is interesting to note that the Arabs are descendants of Abraham
(PBUH) through Hagar (PBUH), while the Jews are descendants of Abraham (PBUH) through
Sarah (PBUH). Abraham was an Iraqi while Hagar was an Egyptian, so Egypt is the mother of all
Arabs. Sarah was an Iraqi, so Iraq is the mother of all Jews and Iraq is the father of all Jews and
Arabs. Not only was Egypt the mother of the Arabs, but Egypt was the mother of all religion. The
Muslims believe in the God of the Gospels and Torah, the Christians claim belief in the God of the
Torah; therefore, the Muslims, Christians and Jews all believe in the same God and religion
essentially. Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) con rmed the Torah and the God of the
Torah when he said: “Bring the Torah. It was then brought. He then withdrew the cushion from
beneath him and placed the Torah on it saying: ‘I believed in thee and in Him Who revealed thee.’ ”14
Jesus (PBUH) con rmed the Torah when he said: “Do not think that I have come to abolish the law
or the prophets. I have come not to abolish but to fulﬁll.”15 However, what is barely known is that
Moses (PBUH) con rmed much of the ancient Egyptian religion which came before Judaism.




13
   Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 53, p. 60
14
   Tafsir ibn Kathir, Ibn Kathir, Vol. 2, p. 61
15
   The Holy Bible, Book of Matthew, Chapter 5, Verse 17


                                                           539
                                               The Goal of the Wise


                                            The Ark of the Covenant


The Ark of the Covenant is an object which is mentioned in the Torah and in the Holy Qur’an. It is
described as the object in which the Spirit of God resided and from which He spoke to the
Israelites. After the Spirit of God spoke to Moses (PBUH) from the tree, He resided and traveled
with the Children of Israel in the Ark. In Islamic sources the Ark of the Covenant is called Taboot
Al-Sakinah, the literal translation of Taboot Al-Sakinah is the Co n of Tranquility. Sakinah is also
Arabic for the Hebrew word Shekinah. The description of the Ark and instructions on how to
build it and what to place within it were given to Moses:


            Now they shall construct an ark of acacia wood two and a half cubits long, one and a
            half cubits wide, and one and a half cubits high. You shall overlay it with pure gold,
            inside and out you shall overlay it, and you shall make a gold molding around it. You
            shall also cast four gold rings for it and fasten them on its four feet; two rings shall be
            on one side of it, and two rings on the other side of it. And you shall make poles of
            acacia wood and overlay them with gold. You shall put the poles into the rings on the
            sides of the ark, to carry the ark with them. The poles shall remain in the rings of the
            ark; they shall not be removed from it. You shall put into the ark the testimony which I
            shall give you. And you shall make an atoning cover of pure gold, two and a half
            cubits long and one and a half cubits wide. You shall make two cherubim of gold;
            make them of hammered work at the two ends of the atoning cover. Make one
            cherub at one end and one cherub at the other end; you shall make the cherubim of one
            piece with the atoning cover at its two ends. And the cherubim shall have their wings
            spread upward, covering the atoning cover with their wings and facing one another; the
            faces of the cherubim are to be turned toward the atoning cover. Then you shall put the
            atoning cover on top of the ark, and in the ark you shall put the testimony which I will
            give to you. There I will meet with you; and from above the atoning cover,
            from between the two cherubim which are upon the ark of the testimony, I will speak to
            you about every commandment that I will give you for the sons of Israel.16


According to the Bible, inside of the Ark were three items: “...the ark of the covenant covered on all
sides with gold, in which was a golden urn holding the manna, and Aaron’s staﬀ that budded, and the
tablets of the covenant.”17 The Holy Qur’an con rms this matter: “And their Prophet said to them:
‘Indeed, a sign of his kingship is that the Ark will come to you in which is assurance (Shekinah) from
your Lord and the sacred relics (a Remnant) of the family of Moses and the family of Aaron, carried


16
     The Holy Bible, Book of Exodus, Chapter 25, Verses 10-22
17
     The Holy Bible, Book of Hebrews, Chapter 9, Verse 4


                                                          540
                                                       Egypt


by the angels.’ ”18 The sacred relics left by the family of Aaron (PBUH) in the Ark include his
budded sta , and the sacred relics left by the family of Moses (PBUH) include the tablets with the
commandments. Other than that, the Holy Qur’an con rms that the Shekinah or the Spirit of God
still resides in the Ark. It is mentioned in the narrations that Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family)
will bring back the Ark of the Covenant: “The Mahdi…brings forth the Ark of the Covenant from a
cave in Antioch and in it is the Torah as it came down upon Moses (PBUH), and the Gospels as God
brought it down upon Jesus (PBUH), and he rules the people of the Torah by their Torah and the people
of the Gospels by their Gospels.”19 Aba Michael (PBUH) once spoke about this cave and what he had
heard from Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family) and Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace)
concerning it.
     Aba Michael (PBUH) said, “There is a cave in Turkey that has all that which belongs to the
Prophets and Saints (PBUT). It is safeguarded by God, in it are wonders and secrets that are
innumerable and immeasurable and in it are secrets that if they were to come out to the people, it
would change the understanding of many things. In it are cures for terminal diseases, all diseases,
diseases that have been discovered and diseases yet to be discovered. It is the cave of Luqman the Wise
(PBUH), and in it are many inventions and many sciences, some of which humans have reached in
this day and age and others which have not been discovered yet. These secrets will be brought forth by
Imam Mahdi Mohammed ibn Al-Hassan (PBUH) and in the cave are advanced technologies that
humans today will never reach until Imam Mahdi (PBUH) brings them forth, such as making solids
out of liquids such as water. There is even a deadly weapon made of water in there. How to produce
gold and expensive metals from dust. Water is the most powerful ever.”
     I said, “These are the secrets of Alchemy.”20
     Aba Michael (PBUH) said, “Alchemy, Chemistry and Physics, and undiscovered sciences that will
cause the West and the whole world to wonder. There are many, many secrets and hidden matters.”
     In all cases, the description of the Ark of the Covenant or the Co n of Tranquility resembled an
item that was known in the ancient Egyptian world and religion. That item was the Anubis Shrine
found in the tomb of Tutankhamun, son of Akhenaten, the King at the time of Joseph (PBUH).
Below are images comparing the resemblance between the Ark of the Covenant and the Anubis
Shrine (Figure 1).




18
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 2 (Al-Baqarah), Verse 248
19
   Al-Malahim wal Fitan, Al-Sayyid ibn Tawus, Vol. 1, p. 139
20
   Alchemy is the forerunner of chemistry from the medieval period and is based on the transformation of matter. It was
   the science of converting base metals into gold or nding a universal elixir (Source: Oxford Dictionary of Phrase and
   Fable).


                                                         541
                                      The Goal of the Wise


Figure 1: Anubis Shrine and the Ark of the Covenant




The Cherubim with their wings spread on the top of the Ark were also from ancient Egypt. On the
sarcophagus of King Tutankhamun, we can see the image of winged Cherubim surrounding the
corners, protecting it (Figure 2). Quite clearly, the Ark of the Covenant’s features and design were
already being used in ancient Egypt for a long time before Moses (PBUH). That could only mean
one of two things, either Moses (PBUH) was stealing from the ancient Egyptian religion and




                                                542
                                                          Egypt


culture, or the God of Moses (PBUH) was the same God who gave the ancient Egyptians their
knowledge and religion before it became corrupted by Pharaoh and the non-working scholars.


Figure 2: Wings of the Cherubim




Other depictions of Cherubim in ancient Egypt were in the form of Sphinxes, in Mesopotamia it
was the Lamassu. There are many studies written about the possibility that the Cherubim at the top
of the Ark of the Covenant were winged Sphinxes instead of winged humans. The point that we are
making is that the Ark of the Covenant was most de nitely an ancient Egyptian artifact. Winged
creatures with human heads could be found in many cultures throughout the world in ancient
times, including ancient Egypt, Greece, Babylon, Phoenicia and Persia (Figure 3). In the Bible, there
are many depictions of Cherubim as being human/animal hybrids, most prominently in the book
of Revelation, Isaiah, and in the visions of Ezekiel: “And every one had four faces: the ﬁrst face was
the face of a cherub, and the second face was the face of a man, and the third the face of a lion, and the
fourth the face of an eagle. And the cherubims were lifted up. This is the living creature that I saw by
the river of Chebar.”21




21
     The Holy Bible, Book of Ezekiel, Chapter 10, Verses 14-15


                                                            543
                                        The Goal of the Wise


Figure 3: Ancient Depictions of the Cherubim




                                              Cherubim


   I said, “My Father, can you tell me about this great mystery?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “What mystery speciﬁcally, for the mysteries are many?”
   I said, “In the ancient Sumerian and Egyptian civilizations especially, but also in almost every
other civilization on the planet you ﬁnd the matter of half-human half-animal hybrids, or hybrid
animals which are made of many diﬀerent types of animals. Is it possible that extraterrestrials were
conducting experiments on Earth in those days as we do today with growing ears or other body parts on
mice and other animals? Did these creatures really exist or are they all myths or what exactly?”
   I then showed the Imam (From Him is Peace) a collection of photographs from museums which
demonstrated the hybrid creatures I was speaking about. Creatures such as the Sphinx from ancient
Egypt or the Lamassu from ancient Mesopotamia (Figure 4).


Figure 4: Images of Sphinxes and the Lamassu




                                                  544
Egypt




 545
                                           The Goal of the Wise


   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “My son, all of those creatures used to come to visit the Earth
from diﬀerent planets.”
   I said, “God is Great! What about the Lamassu, is the Lamassu the same thing as the Buraq [the
beast which took Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) on the night journey]?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “No, this is called Atwir.”
   I said, “Atwir?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “They come from a planet called Holfa. They are a very
peaceful race and are semi-intelligent.”
   I said, “So they were half-animal and half-human?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes.”
   I said, “And what about Amid [one of the 124,000 Prophets whom the Sphinx is fashioned
after]?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Amid was designed in that way to symbolize peace for they
used to believe in those days that these creatures were angels and so out of their love for Amid (PBUH),
they portrayed Amid in this image and design.”
   I said, “Wow! So, in ancient Egypt these creatures used to come and go? And the origin of all the
ancient Egyptian deities like Anubis and Thoth was this?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, my son, underneath the Nile River, in the middle of
old Cairo, there is a statue which resembles Amid (PBUH). It is under the water and under the
riverbed. It is smaller in size than the Sphinx, they shall ﬁnd it one day, perhaps not too far from now.”
   I said, “So they will ﬁnd it before the opening?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes. Remember me when you hear of that news. They shall
also discover new gravesites in Egypt and new relics soon.”
   I said, “Dr. Salah El-Khouly is asking a question.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) replied, “What did Dr. Salah ask?”
   I said, “Dr. Salah is asking about Asiya and Pharaoh, is she Nefertari the wife of Ramses II or who
is she? He used to think that she was Nefertari, the wife of Ahmose.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, it is her.”
   I said, “The wife of Ramses II?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes.”
   I said, “So Ramses II is the Pharaoh, may God curse him?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes.”


                                           The Holy of Holies


In the Torah, God gives Moses (PBUH) instructions on how to build the Tabernacle, which is the
house of worship that the Israelites set up and used in the wilderness until the conquest of Canaan.
It consisted of a courtyard with an entrance, a reception area or outer sanctum and then the Holy of


                                                   546
                                                        Egypt


Holies room where the Ark of the Covenant was to be placed behind a great curtain: “And you will
put the curtain under the clasps, and you will bring the ark of the testimony there inside the curtain,
and the curtain will separate for you between the holy and the most holy place.”22 After the conquest
of Canaan, David (PBUH) was given instructions by God to give to his son Solomon (PBUH) to
build a permanent Temple and house for the Ark of the Covenant. The design was a replica of the
layout of the Tabernacle. What is strange is that the design of the Tabernacle and the Temple were
both almost exact replicas of ancient Egyptian Temples.
      In the ancient Egyptian Temples, there was a courtyard with an entrance, and then there was a
holy tent or area where the back of it was a smaller room which was called the Holy of Holies. The
Holy of Holies was an area that only the priests could enter and within it would be housed the
statue of the God that the temple was dedicated to. Here is an image of the Holy of Holies room in
the Temple of Horus (Figure 5). Quite clearly you can see the Ark of Horus.


Figure 5: Holy of Holies Room in the Temple of Horus and Depictions of the Identical Designs of
the Ancient Egyptian Temples and the Tabernacle




22
     The Holy Bible, Book of Exodus, Chapter 26, Verse 33


                                                            547
                                        The Goal of the Wise




Why would the God of the Israelites instruct Moses (PBUH) and David (PBUH) to erect temples
in the exact same way as the enemy of Moses (PBUH), Ramses II, would erect his camps or in the
exact same way as the temples of the Egyptian Gods were laid out? This could only be explained if
Judaism is a false religion and a copy of the ancient Egyptian religion, or if the origin of the ancient
Egyptian religion was the God of the Israelites. We can clearly see that ancient Egypt had a huge
e ect on Judaism and subsequently, Christianity and Islam.


                                          The Golden Calf


When Moses (PBUH) went away from his people to meet God for forty days and nights, the
Israelites were led astray by the Samiri who built a Golden Calf and made the Israelites take it as a
God and worship it. But why a Golden Calf speci cally? What were they worshiping? The Israelites
left Egypt in the time of Ramses II. It was during the reign of Ramses II that the worship of the
Apis Bull was at its peak, and it was Ramses II who initiated Apis burials at the Serapeum in
Saqqara (Figure 6).




                                                  548
                                              Egypt


Figure 6: Depictions of Ancient Egyptian Apis Bull Ceremony




The Serapeum was a giant underground complex of burial chambers for the bulls they considered
sacred. They considered the bulls sacred because the bulls represented Osiris, and they would look
for bulls with speci c signs and consider them to be manifestations of Osiris on Earth and thought
them to be imbued with the powers of Osiris. The Pharaoh would often consume the esh of the
bulls sacri ced, believing that if one consumes the esh he would gain the powers of Osiris. Quite
clearly, the Israelites were still in uenced by the gods of ancient Egypt and the practices and
customs of the ancient Egyptian religion, and that is why when Moses (PBUH) left them, they
went back to the religion of Ramses II. But why would they worship the God of their enemy and
oppressor? When the African American slaves were brought to America, most of them were
followers of African spirit-worshiping religions such as Yoruba, Macumba or Voudon. They would
worship the Lwa and Orisha, the spirits of the African religions. When the Africans were enslaved
and brought to America, they were forbidden by the slave owners from practicing their own faiths
and were forced to accept Christianity, or else they would be tortured or even killed. In order to
continue practicing their religions, they would hide their faith by associating the Christian gures
and saints with the various Orisha and Lwa of their religions. In the apparent, they would be
praying to a Christian saint but in reality they would be worshiping one of the Orisha or Lwa. For
example, they associated Simon Peter (PBUH) with Ogun because of his association with strength,
because Simon Peter too was associated with strength and was called the rock by Jesus (PBUH).
They associated Yemaya with Lady Mary (PBUH) and Babalú-Ayé was associated with Lazarus, to



                                               549
                                              The Goal of the Wise


name a few. As such, while the Hebrews were enslaved in Egypt they were forbidden from
practicing the religion of their forefathers Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob (PBUT), and they had to
associate their God and their Prophets with the gures and gods of the ancient Egyptian religion.
The origin of the ancient Egyptian religion was God and His Prophets, such as Osiris who was
Enoch, but corruptions happened to the religion as they do to all divine religions over time. The
Israelites were a ected by these corruptions and during Moses’ absence, they went back to some of
the ancient Egyptian worship rituals.


                                                The Osiris Myth


The story of Osiris is that God appoints Osiris as the King of Egypt. He is divinely appointed and
chosen. He has a brother named Set who is jealous and sees himself as more worthy of ruling Egypt.
Osiris is murdered by his brother Set and his body is cut up and thrown in the water. Therefore,
Egyptians considered that people who had drowned in the Nile were sacred. Isis eventually nds
and restores Osiris’ body and Osiris returns from the dead and conceives a Savior child with Isis,
Horus. This tale was paralleled for the Israelites in the story of their patriarch Joseph (PBUH).
Joseph (PBUH) was to the Israelites their forefather, and the former ruler of Egypt, whom they saw
as being divinely appointed by God to rule over Egypt. They revered him. In the narrations of the
Jews, it is written: “When the Israelites were ready to leave Egypt, they were occupied in taking booty,
and Moses was the only one who was engaged with Joseph’s bones. He searched for his coﬃn in all the
land of Egypt but could not locate it. Serah was the only one of that generation still alive. Moses went to
her and asked: “Do you know where Joseph is buried?” She answered: “They placed him here. The
Egyptians made for him a metal coﬃn and sunk it in the Nile, so that its waters would be blessed.”
Moses then went to the Nile, stood on the bank and shouted: “Joseph, Joseph, the [time] has come for the
oath that God swore to our father Abraham, that He will redeem His children. Give honor to the Lord,
the God of Israel, and do not delay your redemption, because we are delayed on your account. If you
show yourself, it will be well; and if not, then we are free from your oath [if you will not raise your
coﬃn, we will go forth from Egypt and leave you here].” Joseph’s coﬃn immediately rose to the surface
and Moses took it.”23
      In other narrations it was stated that the real reason why the body of Joseph (PBUH) was
thrown into the Nile was to keep the Israelites enslaved: “She took Moses down to the Nile, to a
certain spot, and told him: “In this place, Pharaoh’s magicians made a lead coﬃn weighing ﬁve
hundred talents” — 28,000 pounds — “and cast it into the river; for they had told Pharaoh, ‘If you
wish to ensure that this people can never leave your land, as long as they can not ﬁnd Joseph’s bones, they
can not leave.’ ”24 The Pharaoh and the magicians knew that the God of Joseph had promised him

23
     Mekhilta de-Rabbi Yishmael, Masekhta Vayehi Beshalah, Petihtah; Babylonian Talmud Sotah 13a
24
     Rabbi Abe Friedman, The Sea Saw, Pesah Yizkor 5777 , 18 April 2017
     https://bzbi.org/the-sea-saw/


                                                        550
                                                        Egypt


that his bones would be taken out of Egypt, just as they knew of the prophecies of a Savior to come
from the Israelites. “And Moses took Joseph’s bones with him, for Joseph had made the Children of
Israel swear an oath, saying, ‘God will certainly remember you, and you shall bring my bones up from
this place with you.’ ”25 For the Israelites, the story of Joseph’s (PBUH) body was the same as the
story of Osiris. A divinely appointed King whose throne was usurped by his evil Pharaoh brother
and whose body was thrown into the waters. The resurfacing of the body of Joseph (PBUH) meant
the appearance of the Savior Moses (PBUH), just as the resurfacing of the body of Osiris meant the
appearance of the Savior Horus. The Israelites then traveled with both the Ark of the Covenant and
the Co n carrying the body of Joseph (PBUH): “Joseph’s coﬃn (aron) proceeded before the ark
(aron). And the peoples of the world saw it and said, “What is the nature of this ark which is
proceeding before the ark of the Torah?” Then Israel said, “This is a coﬃn of a dead man that is
proceeding before the ark of the Torah, since this [man] fulﬁlled everything that was written in this
[Torah], before the Torah was given. And therefore he merited to proceed with it.” The Holy One,
blessed be He, said to Joseph, “Joseph, although I have rewarded you with a little reward in this world,
the main fund remains for you in the world to come, when Israel is redeemed with an everlasting
redemption. Through the merit of Jacob and through your merit, they will be redeemed, as stated (in
Ps. 77:15), ‘With Your mighty arm You redeemed Your people, the Children of Jacob and Joseph.
Selah.’ ”26
      The same story was mentioned in the narrations of the Ahlul-Bayt (From Them is Peace) which
mention the elderly of the Children of Israel. Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) said to
his companions:


            “Did you fail to be like the elderly of the Children of Israel?” They said: “O Prophet of
            God, and who is the elderly of the Children of Israel?” He said: “Verily, when Moses
            was leading the Israelites out of Egypt, they became lost.” He said to the Children of
            Israel: “What is that?” So the scholars of the Children of Israel said to him: “Verily,
            when death came to Joseph (PBUH), he took upon us an oath from God that we would
            not leave Egypt until we take his bones with us.” Moses said: “Who knows the place of
            his grave?” They said: “An elderly woman from the Children of Israel.” So, he sent for
            her, and she came. He said: “Show me the grave of Joseph.” She said: “Not until you
            grant me my judgment.” He said: “What is your judgment?” She said: “That I be
            with you in paradise.” Moses (PBUH) hated to grant her that, so God inspired him
            saying: “Grant her her judgment.” So she went with them to the river, and she said:
            “Clear forth the water,” so they cleared it and she said: “Dig” and they dug and they



25
     The Holy Bible, Book of Exodus, Chapter 13, Verse 19
26
     Midrash Tanchuma, Naso 30, Verse 1


                                                            551
                                           The Goal of the Wise


        brought forth the bones of Joseph, and so when it was out of the ground, the path
        suddenly lit up like the light of day.27


This elderly woman from the Children of Israel was named Serah, the daughter of Asher, the
brother of Joseph. She was Joseph’s niece and she lived on to see Moses (PBUH). As for the co n
carrying Joseph, it was carried in front of the Ark of the Covenant, and it lit the path for the
Children of Israel. Joseph (PBUH) is Metatron, and he is Abdullah, and he is the angel mentioned
here whose name contains the name of Allah: “See, I am sending an Angel ahead of you to guard you
along the way and to bring you to the place I have prepared. Pay attention to him and listen to what he
says. Do not rebel against him; he will not forgive your rebellion, since my Name is in him.”28 The
Israelites were accompanied on their journey by Abdullah and by Ahmed (From Them is Peace),
the one who spoke to Moses (PBUH), the rst Mahdi and the Yamani (the right hand): “And we
called him from the right side of Mount (Sinai), and made him draw near to Us, for mystic
(converse).”29 “But when he came to the ﬁre, a cry was heard from the right bank of the valley, from a
tree in the hallowed ground: ‘O Moses, verily I am Allah, the Lord of all creatures of the universe.’ ”30
In the Bible, in the book of Exodus it states that God spoke to Moses (PBUH) from the burning
bush through an angel: “Now Moses was tending the ﬂock of Jethro his father-in-law, the priest of
Midian, and he led the ﬂock to the far side of the wilderness and came to Horeb, the mountain of God.
There the angel of the Lord appeared to him in ﬂames of ﬁre from within a bush. Moses saw that
though the bush was on ﬁre it did not burn up.”31 And the one who spoke to Moses (PBUH) on the
mount is Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace). The narrations of the Ahlul-Bayt (From Them is
Peace) prophesied the coming of the one who spoke to Moses (PBUH) in the time of the
Qaim/Riser (From Him is Peace). The Prince of the Believers (From Him is Peace) while describing
the events preceding the Rise of the Qaim/Riser (From Him is Peace) says: “Then expect the
appearance of the one who spoke to Moses from the tree on Mount Sinai.”32 As such in this age, Ahmed
(From Him is Peace), the Yamani, the one who spoke to Moses from the tree, is with God’s chosen
people, those who accepted the Seventh Covenant and he sends forth before him his angel,
Abdullah, to lead them. It now becomes clear that the co n of Joseph proceeded before the Ark of
the Covenant, just as the name “Abdullah” preceded the name “Ahmed” in the Holy Will. And just
as the Israelites, God’s chosen people in that time, had with them the body of Joseph and the voice
who spoke to Moses in Spirit form, the Ansar, God’s chosen people in this time, have with them the
living Joseph, Abdullah, and the voice who spoke to Moses, in the esh, Ahmed.


27
   Al-Mustadrak, Al-Hakim Al-Nishapuri, Vol. 2, pp. 404-405
28
   The Holy Bible, Book of Exodus, Chapter 23, Verses 20-21
29
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 19, (Maryam), Verse 52
30
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 28, (Al-Qasas), Verse 30
31
   The Holy Bible, Book of Exodus, Chapter 3, Verses 1-2
32
   Mo’jam Ahadeeth Imam Al-Mahdi (AS), Al-Shaikh Ali Al-Korani, Vol. 3, p. 26


                                                      552
                                                         Egypt


                           Aspects of Belief and Monotheism in Ancient Egypt
                                           By Dr. Mohamed Salah El-Khouly33


The manifestation of belief in a Creator, His Godhood, and His Oneness, are apparent amongst the
ancient Egyptians. Many of their religious concepts reveal their views on the origins of creation and
the creation of man, their belief in resurrection, judgment, reward, and punishment, and nally
what they left behind of literary tradition regarding morals and manners, which govern the
behaviors of people and their actions and their relationship with their Creator, then with the
environment in which they live, and with the rest of their fellow human beings, whether in their
immediate circles, i.e. amongst family, or larger circles, i.e. the society at large.
      It is a complete system of laws, teachings, and moral education, which closely resembles what has
appeared in other holy scriptures, and it is not so di erent from what the religion of Islam was
calling to, rather it is likely the origin of the teachings which appeared in the Old Testament, and
speci cally the book of Proverbs, as will be shown later. In the following section, we will brie y
demonstrate some of those aspects which reveal and con rm this natural instinct towards faith, the
tendency to monotheism, and the drive towards communion with the Creator and following Him.


Concerning the Perceptions of Creation:


The ancient Egyptians had a number of myths surrounding the great Creator and the means of
creation. They were presented in a mythological form, but these myths were rooted in truth and had
clear origins which con rms that their foundations were derived from real sources. The rst of these
myths is known as the Ennead of the gods of Iunu (Ain Shams - Heliopolis) in creation.
      The myth tells the story of an eternal God, a Creator, who created His own self, meaning He was
not begotten nor did He beget. He was known as Atum, which we can translate as complete or
perfect.
      Before Atum began the creation process, the universe consisted of eternal waters, ruled by
complete darkness, in a state of total chaos, until a bright white primeval mound emerged from the
middle of this primordial ocean. This symbolized the emergence of light in the midst of the
darkness. Upon this mound, which they called “Ben Ben” settled the Creator God, Atum, and He
was alone, in the form of a pure, white Phoenix. He began to create the heavens and the earth, then
the human beings. He sneezed, and two divine elements emerged from Him, air and moisture
(Shou and Tefnut). These two elements merged in the form of a union, so the earth (male) and the
sky (female) emerged, then those two elements, the earth (Geb) and the sky (Nut), merged, and
from their union came the rst human beings, who were half-god, half-human, and they were four,
two males, Osiris and his brother Set, and two females, Isis and Nephthys, and from them followed
the rest of mankind.
33
     This section is a contribution by Dr. Mohamed Salah El-Khouly, Professor of Egyptology.


                                                           553
                                              The Goal of the Wise


Osiris married his sister Isis, and Set married his sister Nephthys. And there appeared a con ict
between Osiris (the representation of good) and Set (the representation of evil) and the matter
ended with Set murdering his brother Osiris, and this is another story which completes the Myth of
the Ennead.
      There are a lot of aspects of truth which can be extracted from this creation myth, and they are:


       -    The worshiped One is the Creator, Atum, and He creates and was not created: The name
            Atum may be interpreted as an attribute of the Creator, which means perfect or complete.
            Or perhaps there was confusion regarding the name of the rst created being, Adam, the
            father of humanity, so with time he was taken from being a creature to being the Creator
            and creation was attributed to him.
       -    Creation began with two principal elements, and they are air and moisture (water) and
            without them, heaven and earth or life in general would not have arisen, which is consistent
            with the saying of the Almighty: “We created from water every living thing.”34
       -    The creation of humans came after the merging of heaven and earth. This resulted in the
            birth of four children, Osiris, his wife Isis, and Set and his wife Nephthys. The creation of
            humans and demigods coincides exactly with the birth of Adam’s sons, Cain and Abel, and
            two sisters, and what ended up being Cain’s killing of his brother Abel out of jealousy and
            envy. And that incident was the beginning of the eternal struggle between good and evil,
            just as it happened in the Egyptian myth.
       -    The last indication of this resemblance is found in the description of the Creator God
            Atum’s settling upon the primordial mound emerging from the primordial water,
            symbolizing the emergence of light and brightness. Perhaps this also reminds us of what
            came in the Holy Qur’an, when God says, “and His Throne was upon the waters”35 when
            speaking about the creation of the heavens and earth. Thus, despite this idea being wrapped
            in a ctional and mythical covering, we can begin to grasp an understanding of the story of
            the rst creation.


The second creation theory is known as the doctrine of “Ptah”, the eternal Creator and Lord of the
city of “Memphis”. In this doctrine, “Ptah” appears as an eternal Creator who created all deities and
creatures and everything only with the will in His heart and with the word on His tongue, meaning
that He thought in His heart and spoke with His tongue, thus the creation emerged. The two
elements of creation here are “Hu” corresponding to “the command or word pronounced by the
tongue” and “Sia” corresponding to “the will which is in the heart.” This is stated in the text
depicted below, inscribed on Ptah’s famous plate containing the so-called “Memphetic doctrine” of


34
     The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 21 (Al-Anbiya), Verse 30
35
     The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 11 (Surah Hud), Verse 7


                                                         554
                                                        Egypt


creation. It says; “Very great is Ptah the bestower of life upon all deities, he created with the (will) in
the heart and by the tongue” (Figure 7).


Figure 7: An image of the God Ptah along with the text which speaks about creating via the heart
and tongue.




The reality is that this doctrine of creation is in total agreement with the way God created
everything, whereby God says in His Holy Book: “Verily His matter is only that if He wants
something He says to it Be and it is.”36 Here too we see that it is initially the will or intention that is
followed by the word or the command. This is also in agreement with what is stated in the Holy
Bible: “In the beginning was the word”37 in regard to the description of Jesus the son of Mary
(PBUH), stating that he was the word of God. This clear match proves that the ancient Egyptians
had realized this truth and were aware of it, that is, through the Kaf and the Nun (through Be).


Creation of Man:


One of the striking things about the ancient Egyptian perception of the creation of man is that they
realized an important truth proven by the Holy Qur’an and other holy books, which is that man
was created from mud, speci cally from clay, and this creation was assigned to a God known as
“Khnum” who was depicted in the form of a ram sitting in front of a potter’s wheel. Just as pottery
vessels are formed, he forms the human being and his double with his hands (Figure 8). An
Egyptian text, known as the co n texts, talks about what this deity does, saying: “He (Khnum) the

36
     The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 36 (Surah Yassin), Verse 82
37
     The Holy Bible, Book of John, Chapter 1, Verse 1


                                                            555
                                             The Goal of the Wise


spirit of Shu (air) forms people on his wheel. He depicted the men and shaped the deities. He shaped
everything with his own hands. He is the deity who shapes all bodies.” This perception of how the
human being was created and from what material is almost identical to what the Holy Qur’an
states: “He created humankind from ˹sounding˺ clay like pottery.”38


Figure 8: The deity Khnum forming a human on a potter’s wheel




On Belief in Resurrection and Reckoning:


One of the most prominent features of the ancient Egyptian faith is the rm belief of the ancient
Egyptians in the existence of an eternal and immortal life in exchange for a temporary worldly life
which is only a passage to the other life. Death was called “Minit”, which literally means the
anchorage or port through which one arrives at the shores of eternity and permanence. The ancient
Egyptians realized that the soul is immortal and does not die and that the body is nothing but a
mortal and temporary vessel. They also sought to safeguard the physical body through
mummi cation and also through making statues that preserved the image of the dead person to
facilitate the soul’s return to it in case the body decays.
      They also realized that the afterlife is the abode of reckoning in which a person does not enjoy
immortality until after he goes through a di cult journey of judgment in which he is held
accountable before the judge of the Netherworld, who is Osiris, for the deeds which he has done in
this world, whether they’re good or evil. And on that basis, he receives the appropriate reward or
penalty. The scene of the trial is depicted in the Book of the Dead in Chapter 125, the details of

38
     The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 55 (Al-Rahman), Verse 14


                                                         556
                                                      Egypt


which are depicted in a wonderful scene that almost matches to a large extent the description of the
Day of Judgment in the Abrahamic religions. The deceased is led to the tribunal hall, in the middle
of which is the scale on which his deeds are weighed, and at the end of the tribunal hall the judge
Osiris sits, watching the trial from his throne. On one of the scales the heart of the deceased is
placed, and it is the only organ that is preserved inside his body after embalming, speci cally for this
moment. On the opposite side of the scale stands the symbol of justice in the form of a feather or in
the image of a female deity called “Maat”, who represents justice, truth, and balance. Thoth, the
scribe of the deities, holds a tablet on which he reads his deeds, watches the scale and records the
result of the weighing. The court is supervised by 42 judges39. Each of them in turn asks the
deceased about the sins he may have committed. If the feather becomes heavy, this indicates that his
deeds are good and that he is honest, and his fate will be to a heaven known as “The Fields of the
Yarrow” and he will meet the judge of the dead. But if the heart is heavy against the feather, this
indicates his many sins and misdeeds, so his heart is thrown to “Ammit” or the devourer, that
mythical animal that lurks next to the scale or under it to devour the heart and devour its intestines
(Figure 9).


Figure 9: Trial Scene of the Deceased




Here we notice that a person’s heart stands for his deeds, and he is held accountable based on his
heart. And this speci cally corresponds to the same concept with regard to the heart in Islam, for
example what is expressed in the narration of the Messenger of God (PBUH & His Family):
“Actions are judged by the intentions behind them. Every person will be rewarded for what they
intended...”40 And intention occurs in the heart. This is completely identical to the qur’anic verse:
“Then as for one whose scales are heavy [with good deeds], they will lead a contented life.”41


39
   It is interesting to note here how the 42 judges parallel the 42 scribes of Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family)
   who wrote down the inspiration and the 42 men with Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace).
40
   Mizan Al-Hikmah (Scale of Wisdom), Mohammed Al-Reyshahri, Vol. 4, p. 3414
41
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 101 (Al-Qaria), Verses 6-7


                                                        557
                                              The Goal of the Wise


We also notice in this trial scene that the court clerk (Thoth) holds in his hand a record from which
he reads the deeds of the deceased one in order that his record be a witness upon him, and in which
he also records the results of the scale and his judgment. This reminds us of the verse from the Holy
Qur’an: “You will then be presented ˹before Him for judgment˺, and none of your secrets will stay
hidden. As for those given their records in their right hand, they will cry ˹happily˺, “Here ˹everyone˺!
Read my record!”42 In this situation the deceased has no choice but to try and prove his innocence
from sins and transgressions, and so he repeatedly declares his innocence from 42 sins, the same
number as the judges who are watching and observing him.
      The most notable of the sins that the deceased denies are: “I have not killed, I have not ordered to
kill, I have not robbed, I have not taken food from the poor, I have not taken the path of evil, I have not
lied, I have not disobeyed the commands of the gods, I have not caused harm, I have not committed
adultery, I have not falsiﬁed the plummet of the scales, etc.” Then he says, “I am pure, I am pure, I am
pure.”
      Prior to that, he pleads to his heart that is on the scale in order that it does not testify against
him, and he says: “O my heart, the heart of my mother and the heart of my father, do not rise up
against me as a witness, for you are my companion within my body. Do not make my name stink
before these judges.”
      These were some depictions of the ancient Egyptian perceptions of the Day of Judgment and
the method of judgment, their understanding of the reasons behind the judgment and their intense
fear of punishment, along with their great hope that they would enter heaven and the world of
immortality. These perceptions are many and do not di er much from what we read in the holy
scriptures, primarily the Holy Qur’an.


Re ning Morals and Ideals and Honoring Righteous Behavior:


The ancient Egyptians and their sages were primarily concerned with setting a beacon for righteous
behavior, re ning morals and manners, and elevating them, and refraining from sins and
reprehensible behavior. Their disciplinary heritage was littered with many books of wisdom and
exhortations that appeared regularly throughout the ages, complementing each other and adding
new experiences and wisdom. Perhaps the most prominent of their sages were “Ptah-hotep”, “Ani”,
“Amenemope” and “Ankh Shashanqi”. Their advice and wisdom covered all aspects of life. Some of
them dealt with discipline and re ning a person’s behavior towards themselves, their family and
society, while others dealt with a person’s relationship towards the young and the old, the chief and
the subordinate, and others cautioned about observing the Creator, following His commands and
avoiding His prohibitions. Below we mention some excerpts of these wisdoms, especially what the
Islamic religion, as well as other religions, urged and called for, either directly or indirectly. For
42
     The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 69 (Al-Haqqah), Verses 18-19



                                                         558
                                                       Egypt


example, we see the wise “Ptah-hotep” calling for early marriage and considering it chastity for the
person. He also calls for taking care of the wife, likening her to “an estate pro table unto its lord.”
This reminds us of the Almighty’s saying, “Your wives are a place of cultivation [i.e., sowing of seed]
for you.”43
     He also strongly warns against entering a house without permission in the absence of its owner,
and this is consistent with what the Holy Qur’an states: “O you who believe! Enter not houses other
than your own, until you have asked permission.”44
     Ani, the sage, also warns against backbiting and considers it a major o ense, he says, “Do not
speak about another person who is not present with you, this is a major o ense,” and this
corresponds to the saying of God Almighty, “Woe to every backbiter, slanderer,”45 and the saying of
His Noble Messenger Mohammed (PBUH & His Family): “Does any of you like to eat the ﬂesh of his
dead brother, which you so detest?”46 Ani also warns against approaching a woman who is a stranger
to you, or even looking at her, especially if she is a married woman, for she is, according to him, a
deep stream the windings of which are unknown, and this, too, he considers a crime worthy of
death. We nd this meaning in the book of Proverbs, Chapters 5 and 6 in the Old Testament. This
also reminds us of the Almighty’s saying: “Do not even approach adultery. It is indecent and an evil
act.”47 We also nd that Ani warns against drinking alcohol and its bad e ects, which include losing
control of one’s tongue, not knowing what one is saying, and being subject to insult and
humiliation. We see him warning his son against cheating and perjury, which he considers a crime.
Ani also advises his son to treat his mother kindly and says to him: “Give your mother twice as much
food, and take her hand as she took yours, for you were a heavy burden on her, and she carried you
without complaining, and when you were born after months of pregnancy, she held you to her. Her
breasts have been in your mouth for three years, and she never resented your ﬁlth.” This advice of good
treatment for the mother is almost entirely identical to what is stated in the Holy Qur’an: “And We
have enjoined upon man, to his parents, good treatment. His mother carried him with hardship and
gave birth to him with hardship, and his gestation and weaning [period] is thirty months.”48 These
were some of the many pieces of wisdom and advice that the sages of ancient Egypt have left for us,
which correspond to what was mentioned in the Holy Qur’an to a great extent.
     Most prominent is what was stated in the Torah in the book of Proverbs, and we nd it almost
identical with what the famous Egyptian sage of the 12th century B.C. Amenemope wrote in his
famous papyrus. He recorded in 30 chapters his wisdom and exhortations to his son
“Hor-em-maakher”.


43
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 2 (Al-Baqarah), Verse 223
44
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 24 (Al-Nur), Verse 27
45
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 104 (Al-Humazah), Verse 1
46
   Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 26, p. 234
47
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 17 (Al-Isra), Verse 32
48
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 46 (Al-Ahqaf), Verse 15


                                                            559
                                              The Goal of the Wise


Interestingly, the advice and lessons of this sage are almost identical with the book of Proverbs in
the Old Testament, so much so that most of the researchers considered the Hebrew version to be a
literal translation of the ancient Egyptian version. We also note that the lessons of Amenemope are
an extension of words and wisdoms of previous ancient Egyptian sages, the oldest of them dates
back to the middle of the third millennium B.C. It is also interesting to note that the book of
Proverbs is also divided into 30 chapters, and contains similar lessons and exhortations from a father
to a son. Amenemope’s advice to his son begins by saying: “Incline your ears to hear my words, and
set your heart to understand them, for it is a useful thing if you put them in your heart.” We read the
same beginning in the book of Proverbs, “Incline your ear and hear the words of the wise— apply
your mind to my knowledge—for it is pleasing when you keep them within you.”49 We see that the
ancient Egyptians referred to the heart as a center for understanding and realization, exactly as the
Holy Qur’an says: “Do they not then reﬂect on the Qur’an? Or are there locks upon their hearts?”50 or
in the saying of the Almighty: “Have they not traveled throughout the land so their hearts may reason,
and their ears may listen?”51
      From among what Amenemope said about not ridiculing any human being for any reason, is,
“Do not despise the one who has lameness, and do not frown in his face, for the human being is made of
clay and straw, and God is his Creator.” This reminds us of the Almighty’s saying: “O believers! Do
not let some ˹men˺ ridicule others, they may be better than them.”52
      Amenemope says about falsifying the scale and reducing the measure, “Do not abuse the measure
and fulﬁll the measure with due accuracy, and do not cheat because God hates the deceiving man.” We
     nd the same meaning in the beginning of the book of Proverbs, Chapter 11: “The Lord detests
dishonest scales, but accurate weights ﬁnd favor with him.”53 And we nd the same meaning in the
Holy Qur’an, “Woe to the defrauders! Those who take full measure ˹when they buy˺ from people, but
give less when they measure or weigh for buyers.”54 The Almighty also says in Surah Al-Rahman: “So
that you do not defraud the scales. Weigh with justice, and do not give short measure.”55
      Amenemope warns against telling falsehoods, saying: “Do not enter the courtroom and fake your
words, and do not hesitate to answer when your witnesses have stood. Speak the truth before the judge
and do not let anyone have authority over you.” And again we nd the same warning in the book of
Proverbs, “A false witness will not go unpunished, and whoever pours out lies will not go free.”56
      These were some examples from many, whose origins we nd in the literature of ancient
Egyptian wisdom, and even older sources than the maxims of Amenemope, such as the maxims of

49
   The Holy Bible, Book of Proverbs, Chapter 22, Verses 17-18
50
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 47 (Mohammed), Verse 24
51
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 22 (Al-Hajj), Verse 46
52
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 49 (Al-Hujurat), Verse 11
53
   The Holy Bible, Book of Proverbs, Chapter 11, Verse 1
54
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 83 (Al-Muta n), Verses 1-3
55
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 55 (Al-Rahman), Verses 8-9
56
   The Holy Bible, Book of Proverbs, Chapter 19, Verse 5


                                                         560
                                                       Egypt


Ani and Ptah-hotep. The space does not allow that we mention them in their entirety, but they all
con rm that the source is one, and that the ancient Egyptians were following, at least in their
morals, the true religion and they called towards good and forbade evil.
      Finally, we must answer an important question: Did the ancient Egyptians believe in one God
when they had this number of deities and gods? The answer is that they believed that God must be
one, but the plurality was due to the fact that they considered these secondary deities to be
attributes of the Absolute Creator and a manifestation of His power. The manifestation of
monotheism is that God is only One, which was expressed in a sentence in a text in one of the
papyri as glori cation and supplication for the Absolute Creator, saying: “You are the Almighty
God, One and only God, Ra-Horakhty. He has no equal/There is nothing like Him.”
      This sentence emphasizes monotheism and the superiority of the supreme God. It is almost a
literal translation of Surah Al-Tawhid in the Holy Qur’an: “Say: He is God, the One. God is the
Eternal. He has not begotten and has not been begotten, and there is none equal to Him.”57


Figure 10: A Picture of the Aforementioned Papyrus




                               [This section by Dr. Mohammed Salah El-Khouly ends here]


                                                Incarnations in Egypt


The Companion of Egypt’s rst incarnation on Earth was Enoch. Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From
Him is Peace) revealed that Enoch was Osiris and that he was the one who built the Great Pyramids.
Osiris was an Egyptian King and was divinely appointed over the lands of Egypt. Another one of his
incarnations is Amid (PBUH). Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) said:


           The Sphinx is a Prophet from the 124,000 Prophets. He was a man with great
           knowledge, and he had many miracles, his name is Prophet Amid (PBUH). The
           Ansar of Prophet Amid (PBUH) built the Sphinx and the face (of the Sphinx) is the
           face of Prophet Amid (PBUH). This is Egypt the great, the blessed land of Egypt is the
           purest place on Earth after Mecca, Najaf and Karbala and the Pyramids are older
           than the Sphinx. The one who built the Pyramids is a genius and he is from Allah. A

57
     The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 112 (Al-Ikhlāṣ)


                                                         561
                                             The Goal of the Wise


         man who was sent from God for this mission, he built it for an important reason at the
         time and to safeguard an important matter in the future in the time of the Qaim
         (PBUH). The energy which is gathered from the Pyramids prevents earthquakes in
         Egypt and it has many beneﬁts. And the one who reveals the secrets of the Pyramids is
         one of the Mahdi’s men (PBUH), and he is a secret from the secrets of God. The
         Companion of Egypt is the one who opens the Pyramids, it was built by its Companion
         and will be opened by its Companion. Inside the Pyramids are the graves of six
         Prophets from the 124,000 Prophets. It has an opening, if you place anything in it, it
         returns to its primal form. If you place a live chicken in it, it returns to being an egg, if
         a human enters with a missing or amputated limb, he will return to how he was before
         his handicap. The sick become cured and the old become young again. And there is a
         large and great treasure in Egypt which will be made to overﬂow with goodness on its
         neighbors.


The Companion of Egypt also incarnated as a ruler over Egypt in the time of Akhenaten (PBUH)
as Joseph (PBUH). He led the Israelites out of Egypt as Metatron, and he traveled to and was
martyred in Egypt as Prophet Jeremiah (PBUH). He ruled over Egypt as Alexander the Great
(PBUH) and as Malik Al-Ashtar (PBUH). Once again, in this day and age, he is born and returns as
an Egyptian to rule over the lands of Egypt.


                                                 Egypt’s Savior
                                                By Hadil El-Khouly58


The narrations of the Holy Family of Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) include a unique
description of Egypt and the role of Egypt during this critical period in human history. Imam Ali
ibn Abi Talib (From Him is Peace) said in Al-Jafr describing Egypt in the time of the Qaim: “Egypt
is the support of the Mahdi.”59 He also said: “Egypt is a reinforcement and a support, held by the hand
of the believer, and it becomes for the Mahdi his right wing.”60
     However, this great role of Egypt as a support for Imam Mahdi is related to the circumstances in
which the Egyptian people will be at that time, as it will be one of the darkest periods in which the
su ering of the Egyptian people will intensify under the weight of poverty, humiliation, sedition
and ruin. The Egyptian people are a icted by the scourge of immoral, corrupt rulers who drain the
country’s resources, plunder its wealth, and sell its land and people for the cheapest price.
     The Egyptians shall become so fed up that they shall cry out for their Savior, the Companion of
Egypt. After an era of humiliation, betrayal, and tyranny su ered by the Egyptians at the hands of

58
   This section is a contribution by Egyptian Human Rights activist and defender Hadil El-Khouly.
59
   What Imam Ali said concerning the End Times, Al-Sayed Ali Ashoor, p. 327
60
   What Imam Ali said concerning the End Times, Al-Sayed Ali Ashoor, p. 327


                                                        562
                                                    Egypt


rulers appointed by man-made regimes, the Egyptians nally realize that their salvation is at the
hands of a ruler appointed by God and not by the people, and that this is what the Almighty has
always destined for them from the beginning, so they shall be the ones who seek the Companion of
Egypt to rule them, unlike the tyrants who impose themselves and usurp rulership.
     Thus we understand the words of Imam Ali (From Him is Peace) in Al-Jafr when he said: “The
Companion will awaken the people of Kinana (a synonym for Egypt) from slumber and Allah will
resurrect them the resurrection of the dead. Verily, for every time period is a preordained destiny, and
for every occultation there is a return.”61 The awakening of the Egyptians to this fact is tantamount
to reviving them after death.
     It is also very clear from the narrations that the Companion of Egypt does not call to his own
self, to the extent that the people of Egypt are unaware of him while he is in their midst, “And after
an age, its Riser shall rise up to it, a companion for whom there is no commotion nor sound, after he
was to ﬁll the hearings and sights,”62 and also, “No one sees him while he is with them,”63 meaning that
he (From Him is Peace) is in front of them, they can hear him and see him, but they do not
recognize him and they are ignorant of his reality. This will be followed by his absence from them
until he returns to them as a conqueror, seated on the throne of Egypt. There are many statements
in the narrations of the Family of Mohammed (From Them is Peace) of glad tidings to the people of
Egypt of this return.
     Among the things that the Companion of Egypt does for its people after he conquers it are the
following:
     He restores Egypt’s wealth and eliminates poverty: “Glad tidings to you, O people of Egypt, Allah
shall heal your broken state, fulﬁll your promises, enrich your needy ones, pay your debts, and unite
you, so long as you are holding on to the path of Allah.”64
     He restores Egypt’s global standing: “The Companion of Egypt restores its glory and takes it to
safety after people become accustomed to immorality.”65
     He reveals the secrets and treasures of Egypt: “The Companion of Egypt will emerge from a long
disappearance and silence, he opens the cave of secrets, and calls out, revenge, revenge.”66
     He conquers Jerusalem: “To them are the glad tidings of entering Jerusalem after God illuminates
in it (Egypt) the luminous lamp, a companion who becomes in it the example of the righteous.”67 It also
states: “Indeed, give glad tidings to the people of Egypt that they will enter Jerusalem and they have an




61
   What Imam Ali said concerning the End Times, Al-Sayed Ali Ashoor, p. 327
62
   What Imam Ali said concerning the End Times, Al-Sayed Ali Ashoor, p. 327
63
   What Imam Ali said concerning the End Times, Al-Sayed Ali Ashoor, p. 328
64
   What Imam Ali said concerning the End Times, Al-Sayed Ali Ashoor, p. 329
65
   What Imam Ali said concerning the End Times, Al-Sayed Ali Ashoor, p. 327
66
   What Imam Ali said concerning the End Times, Al-Sayed Ali Ashoor, p. 329
67
   What Imam Ali said concerning the End Times, Al-Sayed Ali Ashoor, p. 327-328


                                                       563
                                            The Goal of the Wise


appointment with Jerusalem, and the Companion of Egypt will pave the way for the rulership of the
Mahdi.”68
     He builds the Platform of Egypt and makes Egypt a media center for Imam Mahdi: “And I
learnt that the great platform of the Mahdi at the end of times will be from Egypt, and the carpet
shall be unrolled to him by a man whose strength is iron and his heart is strong, God shall open to him
the opening of the Knowers.”69
     The narrative of the events in the narrations corresponds to the biography of the Companion of
Egypt, Aba Al-Sadiq, Abdullah Hashem (From Him is Peace). Despite being in Egypt for many
years, he never called to himself, that he is the Companion of Egypt, rather his Call to the
Supremacy of God and to his Grandfather Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family) was hated among
the people, just as the narrations stated: “He has a hated call, like the smell of garlic; he and his
master come out in humiliation, after the Jews transgress against Egypt, like the attack of a vicious
dog.”70
     This is exactly what happened with Abdullah Hashem, Aba Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace). He
succeeded in conveying the Call of Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family) to the whole world
through the media platform that he and his companions built in Egypt. ِAnd he raised the Black
Banners of the East in the third month of 2015, just as the narrations state, “He shall be patient the
patience of the saints and he shall raise the Black Banner.” So the Egyptian authorities and security
forces fought him, and he and his companions were imprisoned and persecuted for years constantly
until he and his family were forced to leave the country, and he became wanted by the Egyptian
intelligence.
     During the years of exile, I watched the Companion of Egypt as his heart ached over the injustice
and oppression that befell its people and the state that the rulers have brought the country to, until
they turned it into a hotbed of Zionists, the House of Saud and the traitorous Arab rulers. I listened
to him as he spoke about the Egypt that he wants for the Egyptians, Egypt as he will rule it, as it
should be. Egypt that is ruled by Aba Al-Sadiq, where no one has the right to hoard millions while
the rest live on crumbs. Rather, wealth is distributed equally after the rich hand over the surplus
that exceeds their needs. It will be then redistributed among the people such that everyone enjoys
the same standard of living and luxury.
     In Egypt that is ruled by Aba Al-Sadiq, there is no such thing as private schools or foreign
schools or universities, but every individual has the right to get the best education for themselves
and their children. The plumber is equal to the engineer, the craftsman to the doctor. Everyone has
an equal opportunity to go to the best schools.


68
   What Imam Ali said concerning the End Times, Al-Sayed Ali Ashoor, p. 329
69
   What Imam Ali said concerning the End Times, Al-Sayed Ali Ashoor, p. 328
70
   What Imam Ali said concerning the End Times, Al-Sayed Ali Ashoor, p. 327




                                                       564
                                                Egypt


In Egypt that is ruled by Aba Al-Sadiq, simple people are not deprived of health care or social
services because of their income. Rather, everyone enjoys optimal and equal health care, without
 nancial considerations. I heard him talk about Egypt’s treasures and its locations that no one
knows about, and how he could enrich everyone in need, rather it shall over ow to its neighbors.
   I saw in him the Egypt that I wished for and dreamt of with my people, the Egypt we saw in
every moment of oppression that we’ve been through.
   I saw in him the Egypt that the youth dream of, those who were once known as the “youth of
the revolution”, and I say to them, the ruler you were waiting for is here, the one who lives like his
people and refuses to live in palaces. He does not bow his head to a tyrant, and he sacri ces himself
in order that his people live in freedom and dignity.
   I listened to him talking about Egypt, not only as one of his supporters, but as a young Egyptian
woman who dreamt of a better tomorrow for her family and her people, and I knew then that we,
as Egyptians, after long humiliation, will raise our heads again.




                                                  565
The Goal of the Wise




        566
                      Door Number Forty


         The Testament of Aba al-Sadiq



“But when he, the Spirit of truth, comes, he will guide you into all
 the truth. He will not speak on his own; he will speak only what
        he hears, and he will tell you what is yet to come.”
                                         The Goal of the Wise


                   But when he, the Spirit of truth, comes, he will guide you into all the
                  truth. He will not speak on his own; he will speak only what he hears,
                                  and he will tell you what is yet to come.1


                  hose were the words of Jesus (PBUH) regarding the promised one to come, who
                  would guide us into all the truth. My life I dedicated it to nding the truth, the
                  full truth, which Jesus (PBUH) promised was to come. The Spirit of Truth. I
                  remember 14 years ago, I fell into prostration to God and submitted myself and
said: “O Lord, show me who You are, and what path You wish for me to follow, and I shall follow
You no matter where You are, no matter who You are. If You be Krishna, I shall worship and follow
You, if You be Buddha, I shall be a Buddhist, if Judaism is the truth, then let me be a Jew, if Jesus is
Lord and Savior, then I will worship You. If Mohammed be the truth, then I am a Muslim. If You
are Ali, I will worship Ali or whoever You may be. Whoever You may be and wherever You may be,
I am there, just show me the way.” I traveled then from America to Egypt, and I walked the sands
that surrounded the Pyramids looking for God. I sailed the Nile and the Red Sea, and I traveled to
Kuwait and the Emirates, I saw the tallest towers and walked into the mosques looking for God. I
traveled to Lebanon and climbed its mountains and sat where Jesus (PBUH) sat in its caves. I
waited and waited and followed every lead I got.
    Then one day, after returning to Egypt, I heard a voice calling out from the wilderness like the
voice of John the Baptist (PBUH) when he said: “I am the voice of one calling in the wilderness,
‘Make straight the way for the Lord.’ ”2 The voice I heard said:


        Then hear this example from Jesus (PBUH), “There was an owner of a grape farm,
        and he left it in the hands of workers and traveled away. Then it occurred to him to
        send his deputies to reclaim the farm and the fruits, so the workers killed his deputies.
        Then he sent his son and said, ‘They would fear my son and hand over the farm and
        the fruits to him.’ But when they saw the son they said, ‘This is his only son, and he is
        the heir. We kill him so that the farm and fruits remain for us.’ ” And those who
        seized the farm are the non-working scholars and the owner of the farm is Imam
        Mahdi (PBUH) and his deputies whom he sent are the working scholars who were
        killed and expelled. Whereas his son, he is the one calling out to you: Awaken O
        sleepers. Awaken O dead. Awaken.3


The voice of this man was claiming to be the son of the owner of the grape farm, the son of Imam
Mahdi (PBUH & His Family). He was claiming to be a Messenger sent to us from Jesus (PBUH)

1
  The Holy Bible, Book of John, Chapter 16, Verse 13
2
  The Holy Bible, Book of John, Chapter 1, Verse 23
3
  The Sermon of Hajj by Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace).


                                                    568
                                    The Testament of Aba Al-Sadiq


and whose name was mentioned on the tongue of Jesus (PBUH) in the Qur’an: “And [mention]
when Jesus, the son of Mary, said, “O Children of Israel, indeed I am the messenger of Allāh to you
conﬁrming what came before me of the Torah and bringing good tidings of a messenger to come after
me, whose name is Ahmed.”4 Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) claimed to be that Spirit of
Truth, whose name is Ahmed. I couldn’t do anything but stop and hear what else he had to say.
The man said:


        You are walkers in this life, and each walker must arrive, therefore be cautious that
        your arrival is not to hell, and work that your arrival is to heaven, and every wise
        person must scrutinizingly seek the way that brings him to safety, when regret will be
        of no beneﬁt after completion of the time period and the equipage. And you, O true
        believers, after you knew from Allah and not from Ahmed Al-Hassan, that you are
        walking on the right path and adopting the religion of truth that Allah wants, Who
        has created you for this, for the truth that you have come to know.5


I scrutinized and examined his Call and I found him to be saying: “Have you asked the Messenger of
Allah (PBUH & His Family) and the Imams about the scholars of the end times before asking the
scholars of the end times about the successor of Imam Mahdi?”6 I went to see what they said in their
narrations, and they said the scholars of the end times are “the most evil of scholars under the sky”7
and they are “traitors”8 and “more dangerous to the weak ones of our Shia than the army of Yazid”9
and are “the worst of God’s creation”.10 I found the enemies of Jesus, Mohammed, the Prophets, and
the Messengers to be the non-working scholars, shaikhs, priests, and rabbis. I decided then to never
trust a scholar again unless he was sent by God, for I found that Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From
Him is Peace), just with that sentence alone, proved to be more knowledgeable than the scholars,
for the scholars called towards themselves with doctrines such as Taqleed or Wilayat Al-Faqih,
while Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) knew what the Prophets and Messengers and Imams
really said.
    I scrutinized and found Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) to be the only one who
said that only God can appoint the ruler and I looked in the Torah, the Gospels and the Qur’an and
I found that indeed, it was only God who appointed Adam and made him have authority over all, it
was God who appointed the Prophets and Messengers, such as Saul, Samuel, David, Solomon,

4
  The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 61 (Al-Saf), Verse 6
5
  The Sermon of Hajj by Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace)
6
  The Sermon of Hajj by Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace)
7
  Al-Kaﬁ, Al-Shaikh Al-Kulayni, Vol. 8, p. 308
8
  Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 52, p. 277
9
  Exegesis of Al-Imam Al-Askari (PBUH), Attributed to Al-Imam Al-Askari, p. 301
10
   Mo’jam Ahadeeth Imam Al-Mahdi (AS), Al-Shaikh Ali Al-Korani, Vol. 1, p. 47



                                                      569
                                            The Goal of the Wise


Jesus the Messiah and Mohammed the Conqueror. He was the only voice saying: “O Humans,
only God can rule!” Meanwhile, it was the non-working scholars who were calling for blind
obedience to the tyrannical rulers and calling towards democracy and elections, calling people to
choose their own ruler and abandon the choice of God.
     After nding that he claimed to be the promised one appointed by God on the tongue of Jesus
and in the Will of Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) and after nding him to be the most
knowledgeable of the people and the only one calling towards the Supremacy and Rulership of
God, I was forced to pledge allegiance with my life. For there was no other way that I could nd in
any of the Holy Texts of the Prophets and Messengers to identify the truth. God appointed Adam
and said: “Indeed, I will make upon the Earth a caliph”11 and God “taught Adam all of the names”12
and God “commanded all the angels to prostrate to Adam.”13 Therefore, we can only identify the
Messenger of God through those three things: 1. Being mentioned in the Will of the Prophet of
God before him, or appointment by God. 2. Being the most knowledgeable, knowing the names of
all things. 3. Calling towards a system where people prostrate to the rulership of the one appointed
by God.
     I found that if I were to try to investigate the lineage of Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is
Peace) it would be pointless and not prove anything, whether his ancestors were good or bad,
righteous, or unrighteous, had a good reputation or a bad one. The genealogy of Jesus (PBUH) in
the Gospels contains three women who did not have the best of stories, Bathsheba who became
impregnated by David (PBUH) while she was married to Uriah, was an ancestor of Jesus (PBUH),
Rahab who was a Canaanite harlot or prostitute who helped Joshua’s army, was an ancestor of
Jesus (PBUH) and Tamar who married two of Judah’s sons and then disguised herself as a
prostitute in order to become impregnated by Judah, was also an ancestor of Jesus (PBUH). So,
what do genealogy and lineage matter?
     I found that Ahmed Al-Hassan’s family were against him and did not believe in him. Some said,
if his closest relatives don’t believe in him, so why should you? But then I found that to be the
Sunnah of the Prophets and the Messengers and the Imams. Jesus said: “But I tell you the truth, no
prophet is accepted in his own hometown.”14 And Jesus also said: “A man’s enemies will be the
members of his own household.”15 I found the enemy of Adam to be his own son, and the enemy of
Abel to be his own brother, Cain. I found the enemies of Joseph to be his brothers, and the enemy
of Imam Al-Hassan Al-Askari to be his brother Ja’far the Liar. I found the enemies of Noah, Lot,
and Imam Al-Hassan (PBUT) were their wives. So how does the a ection of family or their belief
matter?


11
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 2 (Al-Baqarah), Verse 30
12
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 2 (Al-Baqarah), Verse 31
13
   The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 2 (Al-Baqarah), Verse 34
14
   The Holy Bible, Book of Luke, Chapter 4, Verse 24
15
   The Holy Bible, Book of Matthew, Chapter 10, Verse 36


                                                           570
                                       The Testament of Aba Al-Sadiq


I found that Ahmed Al-Hassan’s name and reputation were destroyed, and that of his followers.
They were accused of every evil deed under the sky. People would say don’t follow them for they are
an ignorant people or an unrighteous evil people. And yet, I found in the Qur’an those who
disbelieved in Noah (PBUH) saying: “We merely consider you a human being like ourselves. Nor do
we ﬁnd among those who follow you except the lowliest of our folk, the men who follow you without any
proper reason. We see nothing in you to suggest that you are any better than us. Rather, we believe you
to be liars.”16 I found Jesus slandered as a blasphemer and heretic, I found Korah hiring women to
accuse Moses of adultery, I found Mohammed accused of being a magician. So, what do
accusations and rumors and reputations matter on this path and in determining the truthfulness of
the Messenger?
      I found, though, Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan being accused of lth and his followers were accusing
each other of sexual scandals. I found those close to him even to be involved in the accusations
towards one another, but yet what does that matter? For I found Saul taking the wife of David
away in order to marry her to another man, and I found David taking Uriah’s wife, and I found
David’s son Absalom taking his father’s ten wives and erecting a tent to have relations with them all
in front of all of Israel! I found Mohammed taking his adopted son Zaid’s wife. I found even Jesus
(PBUH) was slandered in the books of the Jews and called an illegitimate child. I found the son of
Jacob, Reuben, climbing into the bed to sleep with his father’s wife Bilha, and Jacob was the father
of God’s chosen people. So what do familial sex scandals have to do with determining the truth? If
we were to reject Ahmed Al-Hassan on this basis, then we should reject all of the Prophets and
Messengers.
      I found Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) to have actions that seem strange or
unexplainable. In the apparent, those actions seem to not be in the interest of the believer. But
what does that matter, did we not see the actions of the Righteous Servant in the journey of Moses
(PBUH) to the junction of the two seas? Did we not nd the actions of God when He allowed
Satan to strike down his servant Job (PBUH) strange? Did we not nd the test which God gave
Abraham to slaughter his own son di cult and traumatizing? What do strange actions and di cult
tests have to do with identifying the Messenger of God? Rather it almost seems that it must be part
of God’s Call.
      It seemed like no matter what happened, or what took place that would make a person turn
away from Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), there was a precedent for it with one of
the Prophets and Messengers or Imams before him. There simply was and is not any way of
identifying a true Messenger from God except what we mentioned. Some came to know Jesus
(PBUH) or the Messengers through a supernatural miracle, but we found it not to be a way that
one can truly identify the Messenger of God with, for even the Antichrist and the false prophets,
according to the narrations in Islam and the Bible and Torah, performed great signs and wonders


16
     The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 11 (Hud), Verse 27


                                                    571
                                            The Goal of the Wise


and yet they were false, including resurrecting the dead. So, if both good and evil can perform it,
how is it a way to identify the truth? If I disbelieved in Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) on
the basis of feelings or accusations or rumors, or even strange truths, what is the di erence between
me and any of those who rejected the Prophets and Messengers? Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From
Him is Peace) was sailing a ship in the sea, and the ship would shake and the tides would strike and
so would the storms, but there is no way I can jump ship without nding another ship that is more
sturdy, even if I hear that there are holes in the ship I am in, for maybe the Righteous Servant put
those holes there in order that all those who don’t belong on the ship jump out.
      Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) was true, and there was no other truth nor ship
but him. Whoever abandons his ship drowns and whoever holds on tight in the midst of the storms
is saved and whoever goes in advance of him is destroyed and ran over. He had entrapped me with a
logical argument, and I became a slave and prisoner of the truth. How could I leave it or abandon
it, even if his promises were delayed? Was not the promise of Noah delayed and was not the promise
of Jesus delayed, and was not the promise of Mohammed changed and delayed? The ood was
delayed and delayed for hundreds of years, and Jesus did not rule from Jerusalem but his body was
cruci ed, and Mohammed did not ll the Earth with justice but rather the promise was delayed to
someone from him. Shall we disbelieve in them all then if we disbelieve in Ahmed Al-Hassan
because one of his promises was delayed or did not come true in the way we hoped? Once a man
ful lls the criteria of a true Messenger from God, claiming the Will, demonstrating knowledge, and
calling towards the Supremacy of God, you can never let him go or else you will go astray. And for
that reason, I did not let go, in the face of every hardship and every storm and every evil accusation
and danger, I was ready to give my life for my Imam instead, for Prophet Mohammed said: “None
of you have faith until I am more beloved to him than his children, his father, and all of the people.”17
And Jesus (PBUH) said: “Anyone who loves their father or mother more than me is not worthy of me;
anyone who loves their son or daughter more than me is not worthy of me.”18


                                     Let Me Die in Your Place Father


      One day I said to my Father (From Him is Peace), “Let me die before you, in this incarnation,
and you continue, my heart does not handle losing you, I think that is the reason why I passed before
you in Karbala.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “That shall not be, son.”
      I said, “I shall continue to request this until it is one day. Nothing is impossible for God.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, nothing is impossible but there are foundations.
Creation and the Earth would be destroyed, and millions shall die.”
      I said, “It is destroyed anyway.”
17
     Mizan Al-Hikmah (Scale of Wisdom), Mohammed Al-Reyshahri, Vol.1, p. 518
18
     The Holy Bible, Book of Matthew, Chapter 10, Verse 37


                                                       572
                                   The Testament of Aba Al-Sadiq


   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “No son, it shall be ﬁxed.”
   I said, “It will be ﬁxed by you, Father.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Please, do not repeat this matter son, I am more
knowledgeable and aware than you.”
But I could not let the matter go, every time I would think about losing Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan
(From Him is Peace) I would break down into tears like a young child. So once again I brought up
the topic with him.
   I said, “I have received your permission to prepare the Book for release and I have sent it to you for
review.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, that is true.”
   I said, “I am very excited.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “I wish you luck, my beloved son.”
   I said, “Thank you, my Father, for this great honor.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “You deserve all that is good son, all that is good, for you are
my righteous son.”
   I said, “You are all that is good.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “My pure, righteous, patient ﬁghter.”
   I said, “And I shall remain as such forever until I leave this world.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “My chaste son with the white heart, bless you and may God
protect you from all harm and all that is evil.”
   I said, “I have one request.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, what is it?”
   I said, “My Father, I want you to look now into my heart and see how much I mean what I am
about to say.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, I see it clearly, I know.”
   I said, “This world is no good after you, the world needs you more than it needs the likes of me. Do
you accept that I go before you? That you remain and rule mankind?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “My dear beloved son, light of my eyes, I appreciate what is
in your heart and your truthful and faithful feelings, however that will not happen my beloved son,
because if it does happen, there shall be a problem in the entire system of the universe and the
foundations of life itself.”
   I said, “The universe that is in your hands now.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “And even if it were in my hands, I would still have to be
just and this is justice.”
   I said, “And how is it not justice that I sacriﬁce myself for you, what an honor it is that Abdullah
sacriﬁces himself for Ahmed Al-Hassan, from you is peace, O Lord of Lords, and King of Kings, and
Master of Masters.”



                                                   573
                                         The Goal of the Wise


   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Do not forget my son, that you carry a soul between your
shoulders that is from me and therefore you are my companion in this body of yours and you are also
my companion after you leave this body.”
   I said, “You know I cannot bear to be separated from you.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “You will see me and hear me whenever you like.”
   I began to cry.
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “You are blessed, O light of my eyes, you are blessed, I want
you to forget this speech and do not waste your time on matters that have already been determined
since the beginning of time.”
   I said, “Is there a greater gift than my life to give you?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, there is.”
   I said, “What is it?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “That you continue my path with all sincerity and loyalty.”
   I said, “But I need you.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “O light of my eyes, if you became a tree in a desert, you will
ﬁnd me a bigger tree casting its shade over you and protecting you from the sun and wind.”




                                                    574
The Goal of the Wise
The Goal of the Wise
The Goal of the Wise
The Goal of the Wise
                  Door Number Forty-One


            The Book of Revelation



“When the Word falls on them, We shall bring forth for them out
 of the earth a beast that shall speak unto them: ‘Mankind had
                     no faith in Our signs’”
                                            The Goal of the Wise


                  ear. That is what most people are operating on. Fear of going to hell. Fear of being
                  deceived. Fear of the devil, the Antichrist, fear of change. That fear is what the
                  non-working scholars use to deceive people into blind obedience. It was the fear
                  the Egyptians had of God which allowed Pharaoh to use the priests from the
temple of Amun to enslave the population. It is the fear of breaking through the programming
that we were brought up with that causes us to be slaves. In the Qur'an, the disbelievers said:
“And when it is said to them, “Follow what has revealed Allah,” they said, “Nay we follow what we
found [on it] our forefathers (following)”. Even though [were] their forefathers (did) not
understand anything and not were they guided?”1 People are like blind cattle and sheep following
the crowd and the familiar: “Or do you think that most of them do hear or understand? They are
nothing but as cattle; nay, they are straying farther oﬀ from the path.”2 You will always nd the
non-working scholars demonizing anyone and anything which challenges their power or
threatens it. You nd the priests of Amun demonizing Moses (PBUH), the Rabbis demonizing
Jesus (PBUH), the Jewish and Christian scholars demonizing Mohammed (PBUH & His
Family). Why? In order that the people are afraid to follow them. And why were Noah,
Abraham, Moses, Jesus, and Mohammed the ones who were labeled the most determined?
Because they were the ones with will-power to leave the books of those before them and their
methods and scriptures. From Uthman ibn Isa, from Sama’a, he said:


           I said to Abi Abdillah (PBUH): “The saying of God, ‘So be patient as the
           determined ones were,’ ” he said: “[They are] Noah, Abraham, Moses, Jesus, and
           Mohammed (peace be upon them and upon all the Prophets of God and His
           Messengers).” I said, “How did they become Ulul-Azm?” He said, “Because Noah
           was sent with a Book and jurisprudence, so all those who came after Noah worked
           by the Book of Noah and his jurisprudence and his method, until Abraham came
           with the scriptures, and with will-power he left the Book of Noah, not out of disbelief
           in it. And every Prophet who came after Abraham came forth with the
           jurisprudence of Abraham, his method and his scriptures, until Moses came with
           the Torah and with will-power he left the scriptures. And so every Prophet who came
           after Moses worked by the Torah, his jurisprudence and his method, until the
           Messiah came with the Gospels and with will-power he left the jurisprudence of
           Moses and his method. And so every Prophet who came after the Messiah worked
           by his jurisprudence and his method, until Mohammed (PBUH & His Family)
           came and brought forth the Qur’an, his jurisprudence and his method. So his hallal
           (permissible) will remain hallal (permissible) until the Day of Judgment, and his

1
    The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 2 (Al-Baqarah), Verse 170
2
    The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 25 (Al-Furqan), Verse 44



                                                         576
                                           The book of revelation


           haram (impermissible) will remain haram (impermissible) until the Day of
           Judgment, so these are the Ulul-Azm (those with determination) from the
           Messengers.” 3


                                        The Lifting of Friday Prayer

And now it is the Day of Judgment or day of the Rise of the Qaim, and Ahmed Al-Hassan
(From Him is Peace) had enough will-power to leave the books and jurisprudence of those
before him, not out of disbelief in them but rather because he came with the Seventh Covenant,
a new and more perfect and complete Covenant with its new book and jurisprudence and with
the true meaning of religion, the prostration to Adam, or to the Caliph of Allah, the divinely
appointed King or Messenger. This is the true prayer and true worship of God. In order that
Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) demonstrate this point, he once asked me to take a
pledge of allegiance from the believers to the Mahdi Adam (PBUH). I brought forth Adam
(PBUH) on that day in front of a large group of believers and I recited the words: “And
(remember) when We ordered the angels: “Prostrate before Adam,” they all prostrated except
Satan; he refused and was proud and was one of the disbelievers.”4 And instantly all the believers
there that day prostrated down. Some had lmed the incident and when it got back to Imam
Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace),
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Blessed you are and blessed are all of the family of
believers, and may God bless your blessed gathering, and congratulations to the believers whilst they
are amongst two of the most beloved creations of God to my heart, Joseph and Adam, may God
safeguard you both. How beautiful is that, and how beautiful are you, may God protect you. God is
greatly Great and all thanks due to God and Glory be to God, there is no God but God alone, He
has fulﬁlled His promise, and defeated the parties alone, religion is purely for Him, even if the
disbelievers hate it! Lo and behold, the act of prostration to Adam by the angels has happened once
again. For God is thanks and praise. You have ripped Iblis into pieces in this very moment, may
God curse him. God bless you, all of you. By this prostration and through this obedience, God has
forgiven every single sin of the believers. Inform them all of this, and I have also lifted the
obligatory Friday prayers from you for four weeks! God is Great and all thanks due to God! You
are the prayer my son, you and Adam, peace be upon you, are the obligatory acts of worship. What
shall they do with Friday prayer? May God safeguard you! You always lift my head, my beloved
son.”
      I said, “I only seek you to be pleased with me.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “I am completely pleased with you, God bless you beloved
son and may God increase you from His goodness and blessings.”

3
    Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 65, p. 326
4
    The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 2 (Al-Baqarah), Verse 34


                                                         577
                                        The Goal of the Wise


                                       The Degree of the Free

As you saw, through the acts of obedience, a believer may and can reach a degree where the
apparent acts of worship are dropped from him and are no longer necessary, for God does not
need our worship but rather, we are the ones in need.
   I said to my Father (From Him is Peace), “Teach me the hallal and the haram.”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “My son, and shall you handle it? Shall you be
patient…?”
   I said, “So is the jurisprudence here for us the jurisprudence of paradise?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, my son, yes, understand it son, understand and be
free!”
   I said, “What about normal believers that are not Proofs of God? Does the jurisprudence of
Earth fall for them as well?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The jurisprudence only drops oﬀ the believers who have
absolute and complete submission to God. As for you, you are above the jurisprudence if your mind
has absolute certitude in that. Does your mind have certitude in that? I want you to prove that to
me, prove to me that your mind believes completely what I am saying. My son, rip out of your head
everything that you have ever learned, for you are above the jurisprudence, and you are not
subjected to it, you are from another world, its hallal is other than this hallal and its haram is
other than this haram here, understand please I beg you, understand what I want, understand
and become free, become free my son, become free!”
   I said, “So this thing that you said was impure is not impure?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, it is impure because you think it to be wrong while it
is hallal, but only if you believe it to be hallal. It is a diﬃcult equation, as I said, that needs a high
degree of awareness and intellect. And this is the case in everything, alcohol, etc.”
   I said, “So if the mind of the human being is a servant of the world and from the world then it
is chained by the chains of the jurisprudence?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Great job! Great job! Great job!”
   I said, “How can a person tell if he reached the degree of the free?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Only the Imam can unchain the slave and inform
   him.”
   I said, “What if he unchains his own chains and stops praying and does what he wills?”
   The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Then this one is disobedient and is not a believer and is
held to account and will be judged for these acts.”




                                                   578
                                       The book of revelation


                                    The Disciples are Disturbed


I thought a lot of those words and I know that for many these words of the Imam (From Him is
Peace) are heretical in their minds, and have left them disturbed, thinking he is a devil or
Antichrist. This reminded me of a dream that the disciples of Jesus (PBUH) had which left
them disturbed and the dream too had to do with the jurisprudence and what is right and what
is wrong. It was in the manuscript found in Nag Hammadi, the Gospel of Judas. I asked Imam
Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) about this dream.
      I said to my Father (From Him is Peace), “My Father, in the Gospel of Judas, the disciples saw a
vision, it states: ‘Another day Jesus came up to them. They said to him, “Master, we’ve seen you in a
dream, because we had great [dreams last] night.” But Jesus said, “Why […] hidden yourselves?”
And they [said, “We saw] a great [house, with a great] altar [in it, and] twelve people – we’d say
they were priests – and a name. And a crowd of people was waiting at the altar [until] the priests
[ﬁnished receiving] the oﬀerings. We kept waiting too.” [Jesus said], “What were they like?” And
they said, “[Some] fast [for] two weeks. Others sacriﬁce their own children; others their wives,
praising and humbling themselves among each other. Others sleep with men; others murder; yet
others commit many sins and do criminal things. [And] the people standing [before] the altar
invoke your [name]! And in all their sacriﬁcing, they ﬁll the [altar] with their oﬀerings.” When
they said this, [they] fell silent because they were troubled.”5
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes.”
      I said, “These twelve men that they saw in the dream that disturbed them, are they the Mahdis,
or are they the twelve that remain in the end, or were they the twelve disciples?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, they are the Mahdis.”
      The disciples were disturbed because the acts which the people were performing as o erings
to the Lord in the dream were acts which they considered to be against the jurisprudence. What
they did not take into account, was the intention behind the acts that were presented as
o erings and the results of those actions, just as the actions of the Righteous Servant in the story
of Moses (PBUH) in Surah Al-Kahf.

                                  Another Misunderstood Vision

One of the most mysterious books of the Bible is the book of Revelation. It’s the nal book of
the New Testament, there is no consensus on who wrote it nor is there a consensus on what it
even means. It is a mysterious vision that was recorded by the author who identi es himself
simply as John. Some people consider the author to be the same John who wrote the Gospel of
John. Modern scholars say that is quite unlikely. Scholars even di er amongst one another on
whether the author of the Gospel of John was Jesus’ disciple John, or whether it was a student
5
    The Gospel of Judas


                                                   579
                                             The Goal of the Wise


of the disciples whose name was also John. Scholars have also dated the manuscript to the rst
century after Christ. The reason for this is because they think that there are references in the
book to the emperor Nero who lived in that time.
      In summary, the book of Revelation is a book understood by most Christians to be detailing
the events of the end times or the Apocalypse. Jesus appears in a vision to John and commands
him to deliver messages to various churches and then shows John di erent scenes concerning
the return of Jesus, the appearance of the Antichrist, and the events of Armageddon. The book
of Revelation is one of the books most often used to demonize Islam and Prophet Mohammed
(PBUH & His Family) as well as the Mahdi (PBUH & His Family). The reason for this is
because some Christian preachers and so-called scholars have interpreted the book of Revelation
to be talking about a nal showdown between the Mahdi and Jesus. They believe references in
the book of Revelation which speak of a white rider, such as mentioned in Revelation 6:2, to be
speaking of the Mahdi (PBUH & His Family), “I looked, and there before me was a white horse!
Its rider held a bow, and he was given a crown, and he rode out as a conqueror bent on conquest.”6
      The book of Revelation details the emergence of three characters whom Christians
understand to be the manifestation of pure evil or the unholy trinity, the Dragon, the Beast of
the Sea, and the Beast of the Earth. The Dragon is understood to be Satan, the Beast of the Sea is
understood to be the Antichrist and the Beast of the Earth is understood to be the False
Prophet, an individual who goes out calling towards the rst Beast. Before going any further, we
shall examine the verses of the book of Revelation that deal with the topic:


                                          The Woman and the Dragon


“A great sign appeared in heaven: a woman clothed with the sun, with the moon under her feet and
a crown of twelve stars on her head. She was pregnant and cried out in pain as she was about to
give birth. Then another sign appeared in heaven: an enormous red dragon with seven heads and
ten horns and seven crowns on its heads. Its tail swept a third of the stars out of the sky and ﬂung
them to the earth. The dragon stood in front of the woman who was about to give birth, so that it
might devour her child the moment he was born. She gave birth to a son, a male child, who “will
rule all the nations with an iron scepter.” And her child was snatched up to God and to his throne.
The woman ﬂed into the wilderness to a place prepared for her by God, where she might be taken
care of for 1,260 days.
      Then war broke out in heaven. Michael and his angels fought against the dragon, and the
dragon and his angels fought back. But he was not strong enough, and they lost their place in
heaven. The great dragon was hurled down—that ancient serpent called the devil, or Satan, who
leads the whole world astray. He was hurled to the earth, and his angels with him. Then I heard a
loud voice in heaven say:
6
    The Holy Bible, Book of Revelation, Chapter 6, Verse 2


                                                         580
                                           The book of revelation


      “Now have come the salvation and the power and the kingdom of our God, and the authority of
his Christ. For the accuser of our brothers, who accuses them before our God, day and night, has
been hurled down. They overcame him by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of their
testimony; they did not love their lives so much as to shrink from death. Therefore rejoice, you
heavens and you who dwell in them! But woe to the earth and the sea, because the devil has gone
down to you! He is ﬁlled with fury, because he knows that his time is short.”
      When the dragon saw that he had been hurled to the earth, he pursued the woman who had
given birth to the male child. The woman was given the two wings of a great eagle, so that she
might ﬂy to the place prepared for her in the wilderness, where she would be taken care of for a
time, times and half a time, out of the serpent’s reach. Then from his mouth the serpent spewed
water like a river, to overtake the woman and sweep her away with the torrent. But the earth helped
the woman by opening its mouth and swallowing the river that the dragon had spewed out of his
mouth. Then the dragon was enraged at the woman and went oﬀ to wage war against the rest of
her oﬀspring—those who keep God’s commands and hold fast their testimony about Jesus.”7


                                             The Beast out of the Sea


“The dragon stood on the shore of the sea. And I saw a beast coming out of the sea. It had ten horns
and seven heads, with ten crowns on its horns, and on each head a blasphemous name. The beast I
saw resembled a leopard, but had feet like those of a bear and a mouth like that of a lion. The
dragon gave the beast his power and his throne and great authority. One of the heads of the beast
seemed to have had a fatal wound, but the fatal wound had been healed. The whole world was
ﬁlled with wonder and followed the beast. People worshiped the dragon because he had given
authority to the beast, and they also worshiped the beast and asked, “Who is like the beast? Who
can wage war against it?”
      The beast was given a mouth to utter proud words and blasphemies and to exercise its authority
for forty-two months. It opened its mouth to blaspheme God, and to slander his name and his
dwelling place and those who live in heaven. It was given power to wage war against God’s holy
people and to conquer them. And it was given authority over every tribe, people, language and
nation. All inhabitants of the earth will worship the beast—all whose names have not been written
in the Lamb’s book of life, the Lamb who was slain from the creation of the world. Whoever has
ears, let them hear. “If anyone is to go into captivity, into captivity they will go. If anyone is to be
killed with the sword, with the sword they will be killed.” This calls for patient endurance and
faithfulness on the part of God’s people.”8



7
    The Holy Bible, Book of Revelation, Chapter 12
8
    The Holy Bible, Book of Revelation, Chapter 13, Verses 1-10


                                                         581
                                             The Goal of the Wise


                                           The Beast out of the Earth


“Then I saw a second beast, coming out of the earth. It had two horns like a lamb, but it spoke like a
dragon. It exercised all the authority of the ﬁrst beast on its behalf, and made the earth and its
inhabitants worship the ﬁrst beast, whose fatal wound had been healed. And it performed great
signs, even causing ﬁre to come down from heaven to the earth in full view of the people. Because of
the signs it was given power to perform on behalf of the ﬁrst beast, it deceived the inhabitants of the
earth. It ordered them to set up an image in honor of the beast who was wounded by the sword and
yet lived. The second beast was given power to give breath to the image of the ﬁrst beast, so that the
image could speak and cause all who refused to worship the image to be killed. It also forced all
people, great and small, rich and poor, free and slave, to receive a mark on their right hands or on
their foreheads, so that they could not buy or sell unless they had the mark, which is the name of the
beast or the number of its name. This calls for wisdom. Let the person who has insight calculate the
number of the beast, for it is the number of a man. That number is 666.”9


                                            The Interpretation of 666


      I said to my Father (From Him is Peace), “My Father, in the Gospels you have the number 666
and its connection to the Beast of the Earth, the people of the Gospels interpret the Beast to be the
Antichrist and that he marks the people. In the Qur’an you have the Beast of the Earth, and he
marks the people with the ring of Solomon, etc. You also have a repetition of this number many
times in strange areas. What is the meaning of this number and is this Beast the Qaim who is
interpreted in the Bible to be the Antichrist?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The Beast is the Qaim yes, in this age, and for every age
there is a Beast. As for the number 666 it is addition and multiplication.”
      I said, “Addition and multiplication?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “If you multiply two numbers and add them with the
third you shall receive a number. 6x6=36.”
      I said, “Yes.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “36+6=42.”
      I said, “42?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “42. What does this number remind you of? Ha? 42
men.”
      I said, “Exactly.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “And if you go back and add the number 42, how much
would it be?”

9
    The Holy Bible, Book of Revelation, Chapter 13, Verses 11-18



                                                         582
                                            The book of revelation


      I said, “It would be 6?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “6. The companions of the Cloak are how many?”
      I said, “The companions of the Cloak are 5 plus Gabriel so 6.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “6, now you have understood.”
      I said, “Glory be to God. There is no God but God.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “No one else shall interpret it besides me until the end of
time.”


                                 The Identity of the Two Beasts in this Age


      I said, “I have read about the Beast in the Bible and have found it saying: “Then I saw a second
beast, coming out of the earth. It had two horns like a lamb, but it spoke like a dragon. It exercised
all the authority of the ﬁrst beast on its behalf, and made the earth and its inhabitants worship the
ﬁrst beast, whose fatal wound had been healed. And it performed great signs, even causing ﬁre to
come down from heaven to the earth in full view of the people. Because of the signs it was given
power to perform on behalf of the ﬁrst beast, it deceived the inhabitants of the earth. It ordered
them to set up an image in honor of the beast who was wounded by the sword and yet lived.”10
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes.”
      I said, “The ﬁrst Beast is the one that the people prostrate to and the second is the one who causes
the people to prostrate to him, is this referring to you and I?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes.”
      I said, “My Father, from a long time ago and I know that the Qur’an says that it is the Beast
from the Earth who speaks to the people and now I know the reality of its identity from you, but in
the Bible it speaks about the Beast as if he is satanic, is this because of the corruption of the text or is
this intentional in order to lead people astray from Imam Mahdi or what happened in the book of
Revelation?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes my son, without a shadow of a doubt it is corrupted
in order to misguide the followers of the religion and show them the truth as false and the false as
truth.”
      I said, “Yes, I thought as much but I wanted to be sure.”


                                                    The Mark


Now it is clear that we have a very contentious situation. The Bible is saying that the Beast is a
soldier of Satan and an enemy of Jesus and God, while the Qur’an is saying that there is a Beast
which shall emerge and speak to the people concerning their disbelief and the Imam (From Him

10
     The Holy Bible, Book of Revelation, Chapter 13, Verses 11-14


                                                         583
                                           The Goal of the Wise


is Peace) is saying that he is the Beast from the Sea, and the Qaim is the Beast from the Earth,
but they are supposed to be good. Could it be di erent Beasts? Absolutely not. How do we
know? Well, in the book of Revelation, the Beast marks the people on their right hand or
forehead: “It also forced all people, great and small, rich and poor, free and slave, to receive a mark
on their right hands or on their foreheads, so that they could not buy or sell unless they had the
mark, which is the name of the beast or the number of its name.”11 Does the Beast of the Qur’an
and Islam also mark people? Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) said: “The Beast shall
emerge and with it he carries the ring of Solomon and the staﬀ of Moses, and he marks the face of
the believer with the staﬀ, and he marks the nose of the disbeliever with the ring and the people will
gather and say that’s a believer and say that’s a disbeliever.”12
     In another tradition, it clari es that the Shia in the days of Imam Ali (From Him is Peace)
considered him to be the Beast from the Earth who marks the people. Ibn Nabata narrates that
Muawiyah said: “O Shia! You claim that Ali is the Beast of the Earth?” Ibn Nabata said: “We say
that, and the Jews say it too.” So Muawiyah sent to Raas Al-Jalut and he said: “Woe to you, you
ﬁnd the Beast of the Earth written in your books?” So he said: “Yes.” So Muawaiyah said: “Do you
know what its name is?” He said: “Yes, its name is Elijah.” So Muawiyah turned to Asbagh and
said: “Woe to you, O Asbagh, how close is Elijah to Ali.”13
This narration also shows that the Jews in the time of Imam Ali (From Him is Peace) considered
the Beast of the Earth to be a man and to be a good man, the return of their Prophet Elijah
(PBUH).
     Imam Ali Al-Ridha (From Him is Peace) is directly asked about the matter to which he says:
“ ‘And we brought forth a Beast from the Earth to speak to them.’ This is Ali.”14 And in yet
another narration, the Prince of the Believers (From Him is Peace) himself says: “I am the Beast
of the Earth.”15 Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) also con rmed that Imam Ali
(From Him is Peace) was the Beast of the Earth. In one narration, the Prophet approached
Imam Ali (From Him is Peace) while he was sleeping in the masjid and he gathered some sand
and placed it on his head, and then pushed him with his foot and said: “Rise O Beast of God.” A
man from the companions said: “O Messenger of God, shall we call each other that name?” So the
Prophet (PBUH & His Family) said: “No, by God, it is only especially for him, and he is the Beast
which is mentioned by God in His book: ‘And if the word befalls them, we caused a Beast to come
out of the Earth and speak to them that they did not have faith in our signs.’ ” Then he said: “O
Ali, if it is the end times, God will bring you forth in the best of images and you shall have with you
a branding iron to brand your enemies.”16

11
   The Holy Bible, Book of Revelation, Chapter 13, Verses 16-17
12
   Kashf Al-Haqaiq, Al-Shaikh Ali Ale Muhsin, p. 88
13
   Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 39, p. 244
14
   Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 39, p. 244
15
   Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 39, p. 244
16
   Tafsir Al-Qummi, Ali ibn Ibrahim Al-Qummi, Vol. 2, p. 130


                                                       584
                                      The book of revelation


If indeed Imam Ali (From Him is Peace) is the Beast from the Earth, then Prophet Mohammed
(PBUH & His Family) must be the Beast of the Sea that the Beast of the Earth calls towards. But
does Imam Ali (From Him is Peace) con rm a relationship between the Beast and the Mahdi
who emerges in the end time? In a narration Imam Ali ibn Abi Talib (From Him is Peace) says:
“Shall I not speak to you about three things before someone walks in upon you and I? I am the
servant of Allah and I am the Beast of the Earth, its sincerity and justice, and the brother of its
Prophet, shall I tell you about the nose of the Mahdi and his eye?” His companion said: “Yes.”
Imam Ali (PBUH) struck his chest with his hand and said: “I”.17 Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From
Him is Peace) said in the book of Monotheism:


     And Abu Ja’far (PBUH) said: ‘Verily he shall come down in domes from light, when
     he comes down in the back of Kufa upon Al-Farouq (The Distinguisher), so that is
     when he descends. As for {the matter has been ordained} that is the marking on the
     trunk, the day of the marking where the disbeliever will be marked’ - Tafsir
     Al-Ayashi, volume 1, page 103. And the marking on the trunk means what the Qaim
     (The Riser) does, or the Beast of the Earth {And when the word befalls them, We will
     bring forth for them a beast from the earth speaking to them, [saying] that the people
     were, of Our signs, not certain [in faith]} [Surah 27:82].”18


                                God as a Dragon, Angels as Beasts

It becomes clear that the Beasts of Revelation are the Ahlul-Bayt (From Them is Peace) and they
will mark the disbelievers and believers in the time of the emergence of the Qaim. It is clear too
that the Beast comes forth with the belongings of the Prophets and the Messengers, the sta of
Moses (PBUH) and the ring of Solomon (PBUH), so the Beasts cannot be negative gures but
rather inheritors of the Prophets and Messengers, for the ring of Solomon and sta of Moses
were imbued with divine power and passed from one vicegerent to another. In the same vision,
we see the word “Beasts” used to describe the four Cherubim that surround the Throne of God.
“And before the throne there was a sea of glass like unto crystal: and in the midst of the throne, and
round about the throne, were four beasts full of eyes before and behind. And the ﬁrst beast was like
a lion, and the second beast like a calf, and the third beast had a face as a man, and the fourth
beast was like a ﬂying eagle. And the four beasts had each of them six wings about him; and they
were full of eyes within: and they rest not day and night, saying, Holy, holy, holy, Lord God
Almighty, which was, and is, and is to come.”19


17
   Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 39, p. 234
18
   Book of Monotheism, Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), p. 42
19
   The Holy Bible, Book of Revelation, Chapter 4, Verses 6-8


                                                   585
                                             The Goal of the Wise


The Dragon metaphor is also not necessarily an evil one or one only used to represent Satan, but
rather in the Torah, the symbol of the Dragon was used to represent and describe God. David
(PBUH) describes God as a re-breathing Dragon in his song of praise in 2 Samuel 22: “In my
distress I called to the LORD; I called out to my God. From his temple he heard my voice; my cry
came to his ears. The earth trembled and quaked, the foundations of the heavens shook; they
trembled because he was angry. Smoke rose from his nostrils; consuming ﬁre came from his mouth,
burning coals blazed out of it. He parted the heavens and came down; dark clouds were under his
feet. He mounted the cherubim and ﬂew; he soared on the wings of the wind. He made darkness his
canopy around him-- the dark rain clouds of the sky. Out of the brightness of his presence bolts of
lightning blazed forth. The LORD thundered from heaven; the voice of the Most High resounded.
He shot arrows and scattered [the enemies], bolts of lightning and routed them. The valleys of the
sea were exposed and the foundations of the earth laid bare at the rebuke of the LORD, at the blast
of breath from his nostrils.”20
      That is not the only place in the Old Testament where God is compared to a Dragon. In
Isaiah 30:27-33 we also see God being described as a ying Dragon breathing re: “See, the
Name of the LORD comes from afar, with burning anger and dense clouds of smoke; his lips are
full of wrath, and his tongue is a consuming ﬁre. His breath is like a rushing torrent, rising up to
the neck. He shakes the nations in the sieve of destruction; he places in the jaws of the peoples a bit
that leads them astray. And you will sing as on the night you celebrate a holy festival; your hearts
will rejoice as when people playing pipes go up to the mountain of the LORD, to the Rock of Israel.
The LORD will cause people to hear his majestic voice and will make them see his arm coming
down with raging anger and consuming ﬁre, with cloudburst, thunderstorm and hail. The voice of
the LORD will shatter Assyria; with his rod he will strike them down. Every stroke the LORD lays
on them with his punishing club will be to the music of timbrels and harps, as he ﬁghts them in
battle with the blows of his arm. Topheth has long been prepared; it has been made ready for the
king. Its ﬁre pit has been made deep and wide, with an abundance of ﬁre and wood; the breath of
the LORD, like a stream of burning sulfur, sets it ablaze.”21


                                           Good thought to be Evil


The description of the Qaim and his companions when examined in light of the narrations of
the Holy Household, we nd that the people think that they are evil when they appear, and they
will curse them and think that they are devils or the Antichrist but with God they are good and
righteous. One narration says about the appearance and return of Imam Al-Hussein (From
Him is Peace) in the time of the Qaim, “…those who inform the people that this is Al-Hussein who
has emerged in order that the believers do not doubt in him, he is neither an Antichrist nor a devil

20
     The Holy Bible, Book of 2 Samuel, Chapter 22, Verses 7-16
21
     The Holy Bible, Book of Isaiah, Chapter 30, Verses 27-33


                                                         586
                                           The book of revelation


and he is the standing proof between them, so if the knowledge of this becomes stable in the hearts of
the believers that he is indeed Al-Hussein (PBUH), then death will come to the Hujjah…”22 Here
we see that even the believers doubt Imam Al-Hussein (From Him is Peace) and think he is a
devil or Antichrist for a certain period. It is therefore no wonder, that Prophet Mohammed
(PBUH & His Family) described the companions of the Qaim saying: “Verily, they are
disbelievers with the people and with God they are pious, and they are liars in the eyes of the people
but they are truthful in the eyes of God, and they are impure in the eyes of the people and they are
clean in God’s eyes, they are cursed in the eyes of the people but they are blessed with God, they are
oppressors in the eyes of the people but in the eyes of God they are just, they have won by their faith
and the hypocrites have lost.”23
      It is clear then, that the matter that the Qaim comes with is a dangerous one because it
resembles evil, but in reality it is good, and people mistake him for evil and fear him and curse
him and his companions and his banner, because they think he is a devil or Antichrist. For that
reason, all those who thought they would be companions of the Imam, go out of this matter
and there enters this matter the likes of the worshipers of the Sun and the Moon. The Beast of
the Earth, Metatron, calls everyone to prostrate to the companion of the Seventh Covenant in
this day and age, Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), the Beast of the Sea and the
Spirit of Truth, the voice who spoke to Moses (PBUH) from the burning bush.




22
     Al-Kaﬁ, Al-Shaikh Al-Kulayni, Vol. 8, p. 206
23
     Al-Malahim wal Fitan, Al-Sayyid ibn Tawus, Vol. 1, p. 268


                                                        587
The Goal of the Wise




        588
   Door Number Forty-Two


 The Peacock Angel




“I shall not forget his obedience.”
                                              The Goal of the Wise


                        ne morning in June of 2019, I awoke from my sleep in which I had a vivid
                        dream. I had seen in the dream that Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is
                        Peace) was driving a car and I was sitting next to him. We were speaking as he was
                        driving. It was as if we were returning home from a long day’s work. I had asked
the Imam (From Him is Peace) in the dream about the interpretation of the verse from the Qur’an:
“And verily, My Curse is on you till the Day of Recompense.”1 When I awoke, I was thinking all day
about the dream which I had. When I spoke to Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), I
immediately asked him about it.
      I said to my Father (From Him is Peace), “I saw you in a dream this morning, you were driving a
car and I was sitting next to you, and we were speaking on the way. I was asking you about the
interpretation of the verse: ‘And verily, My Curse is on you till the Day of Recompense’ and I asked
you, what is the Day of Recompense, and you replied: ‘It is the day of granting the payment and
penalty.’ I then said, ‘In the verse it states that the curse upon Iblis is to a certain time and not forever.’
You then smiled and were happy and you looked at me and said, ‘Yes, after the Day of Recompense, he
is no longer cursed.’ I then asked you, ‘May I speak about this?’ and you said, ‘Bring your computer
tomorrow and we will work on it together.’ After that you told me that you loved me and are proud of
me.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) remained silent.
      I said, “My Father, can I ask you a question?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, go ahead son.”
      I said, “My Father, what is the Day of Recompense, Owner of the Day of Recompense, is it the day
      of the Rise of the Qaim?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The Day of Recompense, the word day means hour, it
      means the time.”
      I said, “Yes.”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “The Companion of the Time, the Companion of the
Recompense, the Owner of the Day of Recompense. It means the Owner of the Time.”
      I said, “So when God said to Iblis (May God’s curse be upon him) that the curse is upon him until
the Day of Recompense, what does it mean?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “It means until the day of the Rise of the Qaim.”
      I said, “And then what happens after that?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “After that the cursed one shall be killed by the sword of the
Qaim.”
      I said, “And then he remains cursed forever?”
      The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “He remains cursed until the Day of Recompense.”
      I said, “And after he is killed, he is forgiven? As you said to me in the dream? Or does it have
another meaning?”
1
    The Holy Qur’an, Chapter 38 (Ṣād), Verse 78


                                                       590
                                          The peacock angel


    The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “It is as I said to you in the dream.”
    I said, “God is Great! God is Great! God is Great! Glory be to God whom there is no God but Him.
What immense mercy is that?”
    The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “God does not forget his obedience.”
    I said, “Glory be to Him. I remembered this narration today, Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His
Family) said: ‘If the sun rises from the West, Iblis shall fall into prostration and call out: ‘O my Lord,
command me to prostrate to whoever You will!’ And his companions shall gather to him and say: ‘O
master of theirs, what is this supplication?’ He shall say to them: ‘I only asked that God grant me
respite until the Day of Recompense, and this is the Day of Recompense, then the Beast of the Earth
shall emerge…”2
    The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “Yes, but as I have told you, the Qaim shall kill him as a
punishment for what he has done.”
    I said, “And this Qaim is you, right my Father? Or is it Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) as
    you have mentioned in the book of Monotheism?”
    The Imam (From Him is Peace) said, “I shall not respond to this question now, but it is neither I
    nor Mohammed (PBUH & His Family). (This conversation had taken place before my Father
    revealed to me that I was the Qaim.) Let us leave this topic for now for a day that is better than this
    day, and I shall teach you many of the hidden matters.”
    I said, “Thank you, my Father and reason for existence.”
    As we conclude this great Gospel of truth, we see that God is not eager to punish nor condemn,
but rather He is the Most Merciful. His Mercy is beyond comprehension. As God says in the
hadith Qudsi: “O son of Adam, if you came to Me with all the sins of the Earth and then come to Me
without associating anything with Me, I will come to you with My forgiveness.”3 God is willing to
forgive all sins except for one, and that is association, or shirk, or polytheism, to take partners
alongside God. When explaining the meaning of association or shirk, Imam Al-Sadiq (From Him is
Peace) said: “O Sufyan, do not ever go after rulership, nobody asks for it except that they are
destroyed.” He was asked: “May I be your ransom, then we are all destroyed, for there is not one of us
except that he likes to be mentioned and be sought after and taken from.” Imam Al-Sadiq (PBUH)
said: “It is not what you are saying that I meant, rather, what I mean is that you appoint a man
besides the vicegerent (from God) and believe him in everything that he says and call the people
towards him.”4 Imam Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace) also said: “Shirk is to obey the devil without
realizing it, so you commit shirk.”5 He (From Him is Peace) also said: “It is shirk through obedience
and not shirk through worship.”6 And He (From Him is Peace) also said: “Shirk is that their prayer


2
  Mo’jam Ahadeeth Imam Al-Mahdi (AS), Al-Shaikh Ali Al-Korani
3
  Riyad Al-Salihin, The Book of Miscellany, Hadith No. 442
4
  Mizan Al-Hikmah (Scale of Wisdom), Mohammed Al-Reyshahri, Vol.2, p. 1007
5
  Mizan Al-Hikmah (Scale of Wisdom), Mohammed Al-Reyshahri, Vol. 2, p. 1438
6
  Mizan Al-Hikmah (Scale of Wisdom), Mohammed Al-Reyshahri, Vol. 2, p. 1438


                                                    591
                                            The Goal of the Wise


and sacriﬁce and supplication is for other than God.”7 Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family)
said: “ ‘And they took their priests and rabbis as Gods besides God.’ And so someone said: “But we don’t
worship them.” So, he (PBUH & His Family) said: “Do they not make forbidden what God made
permissible and thus you make it impermissible? And they make permissible what God made
impermissible and thus you make it permissible?” It was said: “Yes.” The Prophet said: “That is their
worship.”8
    It is thus that shirk is the obedience of a human being in anything when he is not appointed by
God. Thus, the rst question that any of us should ask a person who speaks in the name of religion,
or a person who claims to be a ruler over our lives, or a person who sets down any sort of religious
or political laws or rules, would be: “Are you appointed by God?” If the answer is no, we should
reject them. If we obey those laws, or recognize them or believe in them or recognize or believe that
scholar or ruler, then we are associating with God, because God did not appoint them as He
appointed Adam, Noah, Abraham, Moses, Jesus, Mohammed and the rest of the Prophets and
Messengers. They have no authority to rule over us. God can forgive all sins, but not that we sell
ourselves into slavery and serve someone who has no authority over us. That was the mistake of
Iblis which caused him to be cursed. He refused to obey and take as a guardian the one whom God
appointed. He rejected God’s Will. In the end, however, he says: “O my Lord, command me to
prostrate to whoever You will!” Thus, he dies at the hands of the Qaim in retribution for his sins, but
he dies not as a Mushrik9 but as one who had faith in only the authority of God, he recognized the
Supremacy of God.
    Iblis knew God’s Mercy more than anyone. He had faith in God’s Ability and Mercy. And thus,
he won His Mercy. Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) said: “By the One in whose hands is
my soul, God shall forgive the people on the Day of Recompense such a forgiveness that even Iblis shall
have hope that the mercy of God shall reach him.”10 And his opinion of God comes true. As God
said: “I am as My believing servant thinks of Me.”11 But those who thought there was no God or
who died having sold themselves of their own free will to a man or system or god other than the
Almighty Creator and died serving that ruler who was not appointed by God, shall be given to that
ruler to save them on the Day of Judgment. Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) said
regarding the verse from the Qur’an:


     “ ‘On the day that we call every people with their Imam, so whoever was given their book in
     their right hand, those are the ones who read their book and are not wronged.’ Whoever took
     the righteous as an Imam is resurrected with them and whoever took the hypocrites as an


7
  Mizan Al-Hikmah (Scale of Wisdom), Mohammed Al-Reyshahri, Vol. 2, p. 1438
8
  Tafsir Noor Al-Thaqalayn, Al-Shaikh Abdul Ali Aroussi Al-Howayzi, Vol. 2, p. 209
9
  Mushrik is the Arabic term for one who committed shirk or association.
10
   Majmaa Al-Zawa’id, Al-Haithami, Vol. 67, p. 366
11
   Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 67, p. 366


                                                       592
                                                The peacock angel


        Imam is resurrected with them, the individual is resurrected with whomever he loves,
        Abraham (PBUH) the Prophet said: ‘Whoever follows me is from me.’ ”12


            The Goal of the Wise is to nd God in creation….


                                        That man who veils the Spirit of God….


                                                             That Ruler, Imam, King, appointed by God….




12
     Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 66, p. 81



                                                             593
Acknowledgments



  I want to acknowledge and thank Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) for being my
  Father, my teacher, my role model, and my best friend, my beloved and the wall that I lean on.


 I want to acknowledge and thank the Greatest Prophet Mohammed, Ali ibn Abi Talib, Fatimah
            Al-Zahra, Al-Hassan, Al-Hussein, and Gabriel (Jesus Christ) for all things.


I want to acknowledge the blood and sacri ces and e orts of 124,000 Prophets and Messengers and
the thousands of vicegerents, saints, and martyrs, male and female, who lived and died for the sake
                       of establishing a Divine Just State where God rules.


 I want to thank and acknowledge my physical family, my father (who if I like anything in myself I
should thank you), and my mother (I could never repay you with the whole world for one night in
  your womb and for the love you showed me and the years you raised me) and my siblings for all
                          they have done for me during this incarnation.


I would like to acknowledge and thank my spiritual family, my community, who have held on tight
    to me since day one and gave their lives to help me make a better world for all mankind and
                 establish Heaven on Earth. I love you with all my heart and soul.


   First and foremost, to my loyal wife, Norhan and my children, Maleeka, Sophia and AlSadiq.
   My brothers and sisters, Ali Reza, Elzahraa, Joseph, Sabah, Noor, Ali Muhammad, Maryam,
 HamidReza, Rawda, Mahmoud, Rida, Taymour, Ti any, Mostafa, Ailia, Nima, Gohareh, Onur,
 Emaan, Ali, Aliaa, Javed, Sara, Nada, Ghazala, Yahya, Hadil, Mohamed, Caroline, Abdulkareem,
 Yvonne, Marc, Sana, Waqar, Shaheen, Ruksana, Najjam, Mariam, Juraj, Attika, Qadeer, Vaseem,
   Mohammad, Aminah, Ali, Myrah, Aun, Mishel, Ali, Duae, Ahmed, Lela, Sarah, Guillaume,
  Almas, Arshid, Janeta, Jahmeel, Alisha, Arnaud, Veronica, Remi, Celine, Eyad, Runa, Tasleem,
James, Farzana, Fawad, Menna, Lokmane, Fayrouz, Faraz, Michelle, Husam, Jawahir, Ismael, Rana,
   Raad, Jasmine, Johnattan, Yasmine, Junaid, Sawsan, Mamadou, Sarah, Ramazan, Mejreme,
 Mudassar, Naseem, Salah, Nabila, Mustapha, Yasmina, Zafar, Lubna, Nadeem, Ardijan, Zaraan,
  Danyal, Mohammad, Rayhan, Hussein, Sarosh, Mohammed, Zohra, Kalsoom, Raimah, Farah,
                              Samah, Aaqela, Sara, Malikah, Tahani.
                                     Acknowledgments



                                    I would also like to thank
Hadil and Fayrouz for the extraordinary e orts and endless hours that they spent working on this
                        Book, thank you from the bottom of my heart,
Professor Aria Razfar for his support, time and e ort that he spent on this Book, thank you very
                                              much.
                And all the faithful believers in the East of the land and its West
   Who stood by me and supported me in raising the word of God in all corners of the Earth
            And whom I shall not mention their names out of protection for them.



                                                        — Abdullah Hashem Aba Al-Sadiq
                                                           December 2022




                                               595
Glossary



Ahlul-Bayt            The Holy Family of Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family),
                      which includes Prophet Mohammed, his daughter Fatimah Al-Zahra,
                      her husband Imam Ali, and their descendants, the rest of the twelve
                      Imams and the twelve Mahdis.


Baqiyat Allah         An Arabic title which means “Remnant of God/Allah” in reference
                      to the Twelfth Imam, Mohammed ibn Al-Hassan Al-Askari (PBUH
                      & His Family).


Companion of Egypt    In Islamic eschatology, the Companion of Egypt is the one who leads
                      the Rise and the reformative movement of Imam Mahdi, ushering in
                      the prophesied global Divine Just State, where the world will be lled
                      with justice and equity after it had been lled with injustice and
                      oppression. The narrations of the Ahlul-Bayt state that he builds the
                      Platform of Egypt to call to Imam Mahdi, and that he reveals the
                      secrets of the Pyramids and ancient Egypt. His identity has been
                      revealed to be Abdullah Hashem Aba Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace).

Dajjal                An Arabic term that refers to a false messianic or Antichrist gure
                      who will come at the end of time. It literally means “one who
                      deceives.”

Day of Resurrection   The Day of Resurrection is also called the Raj’a in Arabic. It is the
                      time when all the righteous souls return or are resurrected to support
                      the Qaim in establishing a Divine Just State. This day and age is the
                      true Day of Resurrection because the Qaim has arrived and the
                      righteous souls have returned with him by reincarnating in this day
                      and age.

Divine Just State     The ful llment of a promise from God of a divine State that puts an
                      end to corruption, su ering, and con ict on Earth. It is implemented
                      in this day and age by the Riser of the Family of Mohammed, Aba
                      Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace).
                                glossary



Dhul-Qarnain   Translated as “Two-Horned One”, Dhul-Qarnain was a King from
               Daylam (modern-day northern Iran/Azerbaijan). His name was Eram,
               and he is known for having gone on an intergalactic journey. His story
               appears in the Qur’an, Surah Al-Kahf. He is popularly known for
               setting up a barrier against Gog and Magog, as mentioned in
               scripture.

Duaa           An Arabic word for supplication; a form of prayer to God.

Ghadir Khum    A historical event in which Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His
               Family) had appointed his cousin Imam Ali ibn Abi Talib (From Him
               is Peace) as his successor and the Imam and vicegerent over the people
               after him.

Hadith         Narration attributed to Mohammed and the Family of Mohammed
               (From Them is Peace).

Hallal         An Arabic term which means permissible or lawful.

Haram          An Arabic term which means impermissible or unlawful.

Hujjah         An Arabic term for “Proof”, an indication to a representative of God
               who is His manifestation on Earth. This Hujjah is a living Proof of
               God upon creation.

Imam Mahdi     A messianic gure in Islamic eschatology who is believed to appear at
               the end of times to rid the world of evil and injustice. He is the
               Twelfth Imam, Mohammed ibn Al-Hassan Al-Askari (PBUH & His
               Family).

Imam           A leader or a guide at a certain rank that is higher than being an
               ordinary Messenger. In this rank, the Messenger who becomes an
               Imam establishes a new Covenant and implements a new
               jurisprudence appropriate for his time and in accordance with God’s
               instructions and wishes. Imam is also a title given to the twelve Imams
               and twelve Mahdis from the Family of Prophet Mohammed (PBUH
               & His Family).

Jinn           Jinn is a word used to describe a species of extra-dimensional creatures
               that intersect with our planet. They are an intelligent species and have
               free will.


                                   597
                                     glossary



Kaaba               In Islam, the Kaaba is meant to be a monument of historical and
                    spiritual signi cance that the believers are meant to make pilgrimage
                    to as an act of worship. It was meant to serve as the House of God.
                    The location of the Kaaba is generally believed to be Saudi Arabia by
                    the Muslims, however, Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace)
                    has con rmed that the true Kaaba of Prophet Mohammed (PBUH &
                    His Family) is in Petra, Jordan.

Khums               An obligatory tax upon the believers consisting of a fth of their
                    wealth, given to the representative of God of the time, introduced in
                    the Sixth Covenant.

Mahdi               A guide, speci cally a title given to the prophesied twelve Mahdis of
                    the end times. They are the successors of Prophet Mohammed
                    (PBUH & His Family) as mentioned in his Will, to rule as divinely
                    appointed Kings in the Divine Just State. Mahdi is also the title of the
                    Twelfth Imam, Imam Mohammed ibn Al-Hassan Al-Askari (PBUH
                    & His Family).

Marja               An Arabic term that refers to a jurist who is followed by Shia
                    Muslims.

Qaim                This is an Arabic term that literally translates to “Riser”. An
                    eschatological gure in Islam who rises and restores justice in the
                    world in the end times. He is the same gure as the Companion of
                    Egypt. The Qaim of the Family of Mohammed leads the prophesied
                    three hundred and thirteen and the ten thousand close companions
                    and army of Imam Mahdi to establish the Divine Just State. His
                    identity has been revealed to be Abdullah Hashem Aba Al-Sadiq
                    (From Him is Peace) as mentioned in the Will of Prophet
                    Mohammed (PBUH & His Family).

Righteous Servant   In the Qur’an, Surah Al-Kahf, Moses meets the Righteous Servant, a
                    man possessing great wisdom and knowledge. Thinking that he is the
                    most knowledgeable of creation on Earth, God instructs Moses to
                    accompany the Righteous Servant on a journey to learn from him.

Shia                An Arabic term for “Followers” in reference to those who follow the
                    Ahlul-Bayt (From Them is Peace).




                                        598
                                   glossary



Sunnah             Islamic traditions, customs, and practices.

Taqiyah            The Arabic translation for “Precautionary Dissimulation”. It is a
                   practice which involves concealing one’s true beliefs in order to
                   protect the life of an individual or individuals or to protect some
                   sacred matters, as ordered by the vicegerent of God.

Ulul-Azm           The Arabic term for “Those with the most determination”. It is a
                   qur’anic expression that is used to describe the          ve Covenant
                   Prophets that were charged with establishing divine laws and
                   jurisprudence with humanity.

Wilayah            A term used in the Qur'an meaning guardianship, administration,
                   and authority. Wilayah over creation allows the guardian to conduct
                   a airs of all matters in any way that he decides. Only a divinely
                   appointed Messenger or vicegerent has Wilayah over creation.

Wilayat Al-Faqih   An innovated system in Shia Islamic law that transfers all aspects of
                   authority to the Shia clergy. All political and religious a airs are
                   decided upon by a supreme clerical leader. It is a system in which
                   fallible scholars enable themselves to take a position of authority that
                   rightfully belongs only to the true vicegerent of God that is chosen by
                   God alone.

Yamani             An eschatological savior gure mentioned in the narrations of the
                   Ahlul-Bayt (From Them is Peace) who appears before Imam Mahdi
                   and paves the way for him. His identity has been revealed to be Imam
                   Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace), the Messenger and successor
                   of Imam Mahdi, as mentioned in the Will of Prophet Mohammed
                   (PBUH & His Family).

Zakat              An obligatory act of charity that was introduced in the Sixth
                   Covenant.




                                       599
About the Religion


The Ahmadi Religion of Peace and Light is the religion foretold by the Holy Household of
Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family) to emerge in the end times. It is the religion described
in their narrations and traditions as “the new religion” which Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family)
and the Qaim/Riser of the Family of Mohammed (From Them is Peace) bring forth whereby they
 ll the world with justice and equity as it has been lled with injustice and tyranny.
   Twenty-three years ago, signs of the ful llment of this great prophecy appeared on the horizon,
when Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) appeared in 1999 in Basra, Iraq; claiming to
be a Messenger from Imam Mahdi to all the people, and the promised Yamani prophesied by the
Holy Household of Prophet Mohammed in the narrations.
   Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) began establishing the pillars of this religion by
reviving people's relationship with their Lord. He came with a truth that no one had preceded him
with. He revealed a road map that God had set for us since the beginning of time, a road map by
which people can nd their way back to God. That roadmap is the law of knowing the Proof of God.
   The law of knowing the Proof of God is a law derived from the Holy Qur’an and the story of
creation, and it states that the divine Messenger in every age is identi ed by three criteria, rstly:
that he be appointed by God and mentioned on the tongue of a previous Prophet or Messenger,
secondly: that he is knowledgeable of everything and possesses divine knowledge, and thirdly: that
he calls to God and to God’s rulership, meaning that God alone is the One who appoints the
Caliph or the ruler.
   No one ful lled these three criteria in this day and age except for Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan
(From Him is Peace), for he has come forth with a book from the Prophet of God Mohammed, his
Holy Will in which he mentions Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan (From Him is Peace) and his successor
and soul son and the one who paves the way for him, Abdullah Aba Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace),
by name: “Then there will be twelve Mahdis after him, so if death comes to him, let him hand it over
to his son, the ﬁrst of the Mahdis, he has three names, one like mine and my Father’s and it is
Abdullah (Servant of God), Ahmed (the Praised), and the third name is Al-Mahdi (the Guided).”
   And so the companions of the Holy Will became the companions/leaders of this blessed Call,
with Aba Al-Sadiq Abdullah Hashem (From Him is Peace) as the e ective head and founder of the
faith, and the Qaim/Riser of the Family of Mohammed (PBUH & His Family). Thus, that sacred
document became the solid foundation upon which this faith rmly stands. And the Ahmadi
Religion of Peace and Light became the only voice calling for the Supremacy of God on Earth and
rejecting the supremacy of the people (i.e. people appointing their ruler) and the destruction,
corruption, and oppression it resulted in for all mankind. In addition to that, the Ahmadi Religion
                                          About the religion



of Peace and Light became a spring of divine knowledge, the likes of which nobody has ever come
forth with, knowledge that was over owing from Imam Ahmed Al-Hassan and his successor Aba
Al-Sadiq (From Them is Peace) to all mankind.
      On January 23, 2015, this divine Call was the only one that gave the world the glad tiding of the
ful llment of a promise made by Prophet Mohammed (PBUH & His Family), i.e. the appearance
of Imam Mahdi (PBUH & His Family) upon the death of Abdullah, the ruler of Hijaz. He (PBUH
& His Family) said: “There shall rule Hijaz a man whose name is the name of an animal, if you look
at him from afar you will think that he is cross-eyed but if you come close to him his eyes seem normal,
he will be succeeded by a brother named Abdullah, woe to our Shia from him (he repeated this thrice),
give me glad tidings of his death and I shall give you glad tidings of the appearance of the Hujjah
(Imam Mahdi).” Thus, this religion is the only one that announced the appearance of Imam
Mahdi (PBUH & his Family) on that date, as well as the end of his occultation and the raising of
the Black Banners of the East by the Qaim/Riser Aba Al-Sadiq (From Him is Peace).
      Believers from all walks of life and all ethnicities, backgrounds, nationalities, and countries were
attracted to this religion. This was re ected in the role that this religion and its leader play in
uniting people under one banner, One God and one truth, as described by the narrations and
traditions. This religion does not know discrimination and welcomes all people, whoever they may
be.
      This fact is manifested in the new Covenant that this religion has come forth with, the Seventh
and nal Covenant that God establishes between Himself and the souls, a Covenant that validates
the Covenants of all the previous Prophets and Messengers, and a Covenant which unites all of the
religions once again.
      Among the beliefs held by the followers of the faith is that we are living in the end times and
that the Earth is never free of a divine leader in every age who is appointed by God and works by
His commands. Adherents of this faith also believe in reincarnation and the return of the Prophets,
Messengers, and righteous ones in this round to give victory to and support Imam Mahdi on his
mission.
      Central to this faith lies the mission of establishing a Divine Just State in which only God and
His vicegerent rule, and eliminating evil, oppression, and tyranny. It is a State that the Prophets,
Messengers, and vicegerents have been seeking to build and have paved the way for in their time,
and it is nally established at the hands of the Qaim/Riser in this age, as a culmination of their
e orts and sacri ces.




                                                    601
bibliography



English References1

The Holy Qur’an.
The Holy Bible: The Old and the New Testaments.


Acts of Mar Mari.
Acts of Peter and the Twelve Apostles.
Alighieri, Dante. The Divine Comedy. Translated by Henry Francis. Wordsworth Editions, 2009.
Anderson, Jen. 14 things to know about swallowing semen. Healthline.com. April 25, 2019.
      Swallowing Semen: 14 Things to Know About Safety, Bene ts, More (healthline.com)
Aristotle. http://classics.mit.edu/Aristotle/metaphysics.html.
Babylonian Talmud.
Bennett, William. Tried by Fire: The Story of Christianity’s First Thousand Years. Thomas Nelson,
      2016.
Blech, Rabbi Benjamin. Hope, Not Fear: Changing the Way We View Death. Rowman &
      Little eld Publishers, 2018.
Blech,        Rabbi      Benjamin.       The     Jewish     approach      to    Life    after    death.     Aish.com.
      https://aish.com/69742282-2/.
Corbin, Henry. A Shi’ite Liturgy of the Grail. Atlantic Books, 1998.
Corbin, Henry. Swedenborg and Esoteric Islam. Translated by Leonard Fox. 2nd ed. Swedenborg
      Foundation, 1999.
Fortescue, Adrian. The Seven Sleepers of Ephesus. The Catholic Encyclopaedia. Robert Appleton
      Company. 1909.
Ginzberg, Louis. The Legends of the Jews. The Johns Hopkins University Press, 1998.
Gospel of Judas.
Gospel of Philip.
Gospel of Thomas.
Green, Samuel. The Di erent Arabic Versions of the Qur’an.
      https://answering-islam.org/Green/seven.htm.
Hagger Nicholas. The secret founding of America: The real story of freemasons puritans & the
      battle for the new world. Watkins Publishing, 2009.

1
    Arabic text from the English & German reference list that appears in the Arabic version of this Book are personal
    translations from the translators.
                                         bibliography


Holmes, John. Losing 25,000 to Hunger Every Day. United Nations. Losing 25,000 to Hunger
   Every Day | United Nations.
Irenaeus. Against Heresies. Edited by Anthony Uyl. Wm. B. Eerdmans Publishing Company,
   1885.
Jiwa, Shainool. Towards a Shi’i Mediterranean Empire: Fatimid Egypt and the Founding of Cairo.
   I.B. Tauris, 2009.
Jung, Carl. The Archetypes and the Collective Unconscious. Translated by R.F.C. Hull. Princeton
   University Press, 1977.
Keysar, Ariela, & Navarro-Rivera, Juhem. The Oxford handbook of atheism. A World of Atheism:
   Global Demographics. 2013.
Khomeini, Rohuallah. Islamic government: Governance of the jurist (Velayat-e-Faqeeh). Translated
   by Hamid Algar. 4th ed. Institute for Compilation and Publication of Imam Khomeini's Work
   (International A airs Department), 2015.
Laqueur, Thomas. Making Sex: Body and Gender from the Greeks to Freud. Harvard University
   Press, 1992.
Lee, Benjamin. Marina Abramovic Mention in Podesta Emails Sparks Accusations of Satanism.
   The Guardian. Nov. 4, 2016. Marina Abramović mention in Podesta emails sparks accusations
   of satanism | Marina Abramović | The Guardian.
Lord Shiva Statue Unveiled. CERN Document Server. July 5, 2004. Lord Shiva Statue Unveiled -
   CERN Document Server.
Mann, Michael. The Dark Side of Democracy: Explaining Ethnic Cleansing. Cambridge
   University Press, 2013.
Mishnah.
Pistis Sophia.
Meyer, Marvin. The Nag Hammadi Scriptures. 1st ed. HarperOne, 2008.
Midrash (Bereshit) Rabbah.
Mishna HaMevoeres.
The New Oxford Annotated Bible. 3rd ed. Oxford University Press, 2007.
Noreagaaa, Achemahr youtube channels. The Arrivals. The Arrivals - Top Documentary Films.
O’Brien, Cathy. TRANCE Formation of America: True Life Story of a Mind Control Slave.
   RealityMarketing Incorporated, 1995.
Bin Omar Al-Gaa , Al-Mufaddal, Al-Haft Al-Shareef Min Mawlana Jaafar Al-Sadiq.
   Translated by: Abdullah Hashem.
The Oxford Dictionary of Phrase and Fable. 2nd ed. Oxford University Press, 2006.
Paine, Albert. Chapter 33. In Mark Twain: A biography: The personal and literary life of Samuel
   Langhorne Clemens (Vol. 3, p. 1511). Harper & Brothers Publishers, 1912.
The Panarion of the Epiphanous of the Salamis. Translated by Frank Williams. 2nd ed. Brill, 2009.
Palacios, Miguel. Islam and the divine comedy. Routledge, 2008.


                                                603
                                          bibliography


Plato. The Republic. http://classics.mit.edu/Plato/republic.html.
Plato. Minos. https://archive.org/details/plato-the-minos/mode/2up.
Reybrouck, Van. Against elections. Translated by Liz Waters. Seven Stories Press, 2018.
Ricks, Thomas. First principles: What America's founders learned from the Greeks and Romans
   and how that shaped our country. Thorndike Press, a part of Gale, a Cengage Company, 2021.
Ridley, Jasper. In The Freemasons: A history of the world's Most powerful secret society. Arcade Pub,
   2011.
Rohl, David. Legend: The Genesis of Civilization (pp. 451-452). Arrow Books Ltd., 1999.
Switzerland Tunnel: The Oddest Moments of the Opening Ceremony. BBC News. June 1, 2016.
   Switzerland tunnel: The oddest moments of the opening ceremony - BBC News.
Tucker, Jim. Before: Children's memories of previous lives. St. Martin's Essentials, 2021.
Tucker, Jim. Return to Life: Extraordinary Cases of Children Who Remember Past Lives. St.
   Martin’s Gri n, 2015.
Two Letters from Adam Weishaupt, Founder of the Order of the Illuminati (1776). German
   History Intersection, Dec. 21, 2022. Two Letters from Adam Weishaupt, Founder of the
   Order of the Illuminati (1776) | German History Intersections
   (germanhistory-intersections.org).
Vital, Chaim & Luria, Yitzchak. Chapter 31, Section 7b “Joseph’s Soul.” Sha'ar Hagilgulim: Gate
   of reincarnations: An English Translation of the Arizal's Work on Reincarnation. Thirtysix.org.
   2014.
Vicar of Christ. New Catholic Encyclopaedia.
   https://www.encyclopedia.com/religion/encyclopedias-almanacs-transcripts-and-maps/vicar-c
   hrist.
Von Daniken, Enrich, Chariots of the Gods. G.P. Putnam’s Sons.

German References

Halm, Heinz. Die islamische Gnosis. Die extreme Schia und die Alawiten. Zürich/München:
   1982. (Arab. Übersetzung: al-Gnusiyya ﬁ l-Islam. Köln: 2002).
Strothmann, Rudolf. Esoterische Sonderthemen Bei Den Nusairi. Akademie- Verlag, 1958.




                                                 604
Image credits


Chapter 5
80 Jesus of Saint Janem on old wood, LHismanto (shutterstock.com)
81 The Beloved Disciple Hand Painted Religious Icon Of Jesus, CC BY-NC 4.0
    (vectori ed.com)
82 Orthodox icon of the Byzantine style, hramikona (shutterstock.com)
83 (top) The Last Supper (wall painting in the outer narthex of the Holy Great Monastery of
    Vatopedi), “Ιερά Μεγίστη Μονή Βατοπαιδίου” (1996), p. 256
    (bottom) Image by the Ahmadi Religion of Peace and Light. Credit: Christ the Bridegroom
    by R Lentz (trinitystores.com)
84 (top) Jesus Christ and St. John the Apostle, Damian, public domain image (parliament.ge)
    (bottom) Anônimo - A Última Ceia, The Picture Art Collection (alamy.com)

Chapter 6
93 (left) The seal of the prophet Muhammad, Raymond1922A, public domain image
   (commons.wikimedia.org)
   (right) Muhammad's Letter to Mukaukis, the “Hilal” Newspaper, 1904, Mohammed and the
   Rise of Islam (1905), D S Margoliouth

Chapter 7
104 Vatican City Flag, Paul Brennan, public domain image (publicdomainpictures.net)
112 Images by the Ahmadi Religion of Peace and Light

Chapter 8
138 (top) Image by the Ahmadi Religion of Peace and Light
    (bottom) Orion's belt stars point towards Sirius, Omnidom 999, public domain image
    (commons.wikimedia.org)

Chapter 11
158 Image by the Ahmadi Religion of Peace and Light

Chapter 12
169 Ptolemaic Kingdom III-II century BC, Kaidor, CC BY-SA 4.0/Ptolemaic Empire map in
    Arabic, Maksim, CC BY-SA 3.0 (commons.wikimedia.org)
172 Station of the cross, St. Symphorian Church, France, Pethrus, CC BY-SA 3.0
    (commons.wikimedia.org)

Chapter 17
215 Olho de Hórus, Los952, CC BY-SA 4.0 (commons.wikimedia.org)
217 Metatron`s cube, Sacred geometry, Alexandra Barbu (dreamstime.com)
                                      Image credits


Chapter 18
226 Close-up of the large and intense orb that appeared above a back window of the Whaley
    House, slworking2, CC BY-NC-SA 2.0 ( ickr.com)
227 Image by the Ahmadi Religion of Peace and Light
229 (top) Dilated pupils after an optometrist appointment, Nutschig, CC BY-SA 3.0
    (commons.wikimedia.org)
    (bottom) Image reconstructed by the Ahmadi Religion of Peace and Light using sources:
    Close-up a poisonous common viper looking intensely with orange eye, WildMediaSK and
    Close up view of human brown and green colorful eye with eyelashes, LightFieldStudios
    (elements.envato.com)

Chapter 23
280 Image by the Ahmadi Religion of Peace and Light

Chapter 25
302 Richard Baker, 109th Congress photo portrait (cropped), public domain image
    (commons.wikimedia.org)
304 (left) Harlequin ichthyosis: A rare case, B Shruthi, BR Nilgar, A Dalal, and N Limbani,
    Turk J Obstet Gynecol. 2017; 14(2): 138–140
    (right) A Case of General Seborrhœa or “Harlequin” Fœtus, J Bland Sutton, Med Chir
    Trans. 1886; 69: 291–296.1
305 Portrait of stunning blue eyed blond woman, Vladdeep (elements.envato.com)
308 (top) Derinkuyu Map, Stegop/Christian Paul, CC BY-SA 2.0 (commons.wikimedia.org)
    (bottom) Podzemní města v Kappadokii, Martin Cígler, CC BY-SA 3.0 (web.archive.org)
309 Alien creature has message for humans, oneinchpunchphotos, (elements.envato.com)
311 (left) Roots of Nightmares, arbyreed, CC BY-NC-SA 2.0 ( ickr.com)
    (right) Elephant Rock in the cli s of the island Heimaey, Iceland, Diego Delso, CC BY-SA
    4.0 (commons.wikimedia.org)
    (bottom) Pareidolia of an Indian face in a rock, Mirabeau, CC BY-SA 3.0
    (commons.wikimedia.org)
312 (top) Pecteilis radiata fma. Variegata, sunoochi, CC BY 2.0 ( ickr.com)
    (middle) Penis tree, Peru, Mosmas, CC BY-SA 4.0 (commons.wikimedia.org)
    (left) Calceolaria uni ora Lam, Butter y voyages serge Ouachée, CC BY-SA 3.0
    (commons.wikimedia.org)
    (right) Huacrapona Palm Tree (Walking Palm), SergeYatunin (istockphoto.com)
313 (left to right) Pitcher plant of the genus Nepenthes sp., WakeUp2Yourself (imgur.com)
    Atretochoana Eiselti-Penis Snake, Waccoepedia, CC BY-SA 3.0 (waccoepedia.fandom.com)
    Actaea Pachypoda, Robert E. Wright CC BY-SA 3.0 (en.wikipedia.org)
    Tree ear, nutmeg66, CC BY-NC-ND 2.0 ( ickr.com)
314 (left to right) Hydnora africana owering in habitat, Martin Heigan, CC BY-NC-ND 2.0
    ( ickr.com)
    Dracula Simia, Eric Hunt, CC BY-NC-SA 2.0 ( ickr.com)
    Naked Man Orchid Orchis italia, Len Worthington, CC BY-SA 2.0 ( ickr.com)


                                             606
                                        Image credits


    Flying Duck Orchid Sir Topham Hat Track, Peter Woodard, public domain image
    (commons.wikimedia.org)
    Orchis Simia Lilienthal, Joachim Lutz, CC BY-SA 4.0 (commons.wikimedia.org)
    Hydnora triceps, Namaqualand, South Africa, Lytton John Musselman, CC BY-SA 3.0
    (commons.wikimedia.org)
315 (left to right) Stone, chunks of granite, stones, granite stones, public domain image
    (hippopx.com)
    Female Stone at Danxiashan in Shaoguan, Mx. Granger, public domain image
    (commons.wikimedia.org)
    Danxiashan Yangyuanshi, Zhuwq, CC BY-SA 3.0 (commons.wikimedia.org)
    Dracula saulii Orchi 027, Orchi, CC BY-SA 3.0 (commons.wikimedia.org)
    Psychotria-elata Hooker's Lips, When on Earth, CC BY-SA 4.0 (whenonearth.net)
    A fruta que envolve a semente do guaraná, AnitaFortis, CC BY-SA 3.0
    (commons.wikimedia.org)
316 (left) Skull-like Snapdragon seed capsules, laajala, CC BY-NC 2.0 ( ickr.com)
    (right) Single skull-like Snapdragon seed capsule, laajala, CC BY-NC 2.0 ( ickr.com)
318 Saturn RGB 10-10-13, NASA/ JPL-Caltech/ Space Science Institute, Jason Major, CC
    BY-NC-SA 2.0 ( ickr.com)
319 Sasquatch in the woods, Carlstak, CC BY-SA 4.0 (commons.wikimedia.org)
320 "Lucy" Exhibit To Open In Houston Amid Protests, Dave Einsel /Stringer
    (gettyimages.co.uk)

Chapter 26
326 Image by the Ahmadi Religion of Peace and Light
328 Images by the Ahmadi Religion of Peace and Light

Chapter 29
370 Folio from the "Blue Qur'an" MET 2004.88, Marie-Lan Nguyen, CC BY 2.5
    (commons.wikimedia.org)
371 (top) Folio from the "Tashkent Qur'an" MET 2004.87, public domain image
    (metmuseum.org)
    (bottom) Sana’a Manuscript, Stanford University, Prima Meditationes, public domain image
    (commons.wikimedia.org)

Chapter 32
411 (top) Reverse of United States one dollar bill, Series 2009, public domain image
    (commons.wikimedia.org)
    (left) Image reconstructed by the Ahmadi Religion of Peace and Light using source: (right)
    Pyramid with the all-seeing eye on the back side of the US 1-Dollar bill, Verwüstung, public
    domain image (de.wikipedia.org)
412 (top) Apollo in his Chariot c. 1685, Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, public domain image
    (collections.mfa.org)




                                               607
                                       Image credits


    (bottom) Freemasons' Hall, London - Grand Temple Mosaics, The wub, CC BY-SA 4.0
    (commons.wikimedia.org)
413 (left) Colosse de Rhodes, Sidney Barclay, public domain image (commons.wikimedia.org)
    (right) Statue of Liberty, NY (cropped), William Warby, CC BY 2.0
    (commons.wikimedia.org)
415 Image reconstructed by the Ahmadi Religion of Peace and Light using sources: Portrait of
    Adam Weishaupt. Date: 1765 – 1836, Rijksmuseum, public domain image
    (lookandlearn.com) and President George Washington 228744, Metropolitan Museum of
    Art, public domain image (metmuseum.org)
416 (top) Collage of Celebrities Signaling ‘The One Eye’, source unknown (retrieved from:
    whale.to/b/all_seeing_eye_hand.html)
    (bottom) Collage of Movies Signaling ‘The One Eye’, source unknown (retrieved from:
    slate.fr/story/46341/a ches-cinema-moches-marketing)
417 (top) Collage of TIME Covers Signaling ‘The One Eye’, source unknown (retrieved from:
    whale.to/b/all_seeing_eye_hand.html)
    (bottom) Collage of Magazines Signaling ‘The One Eye’, source unknown (retrieved from:
    whale.to/b/all_seeing_eye_hand.html)
418 Supper at Emmaus by Pontormo 1525 U zi Gallery, Italy, public domain image
    (commons.wikimedia.org)
421 Image reconstructed by the Ahmadi Religion of Peace and Light using source: Old man at
    Ravangla Market, Sukanto Debnath, CC BY 2.0 (commons.wikimedia.org)
422 (left) Baphomet, AdamStanislav, public domain image (openclipart.org)
    (right) George Washington Greenough statue, National Museum of American History,
    Wknight94, CC BY-SA 3.0 (commons.wikimedia.org)
423 (left) Barbara Bush portrait 1992, White House Photo O ce, public domain image
    (commons.wikimedia.org)
    (right) Aleister Crowley, Hector Murchison, public domain image (en.wikipedia.org)
425 Diagrams by the Ahmadi Religion of Peace and Light
426 Diagrams by the Ahmadi Religion of Peace and Light
427 Diagram by the Ahmadi Religion of Peace and Light
428 Diagrams by the Ahmadi Religion of Peace and Light
429 America’s War On Terror Displaced 37 Million People, Niall McCarthy (forbes.com)
430 Diagram by the Ahmadi Religion of Peace and Light

Chapter 33
438 Image by the Ahmadi Religion of Peace and Light
440 (middle) A close up photograph of a British £10 note, Philippa Willitts, CC BY-NC 2.0
    ( ickr.com)
    (bottom) Banknote (AM 2004.35.3-5), Japanese Invasion money, Malaya, WW2, $5.00
    Auckland Museum, CC BY 4.0 (commons.wikimedia.org)
441 (top) Canadian Bank of Commerce, Trinidad, 1939, $5, Mhryan7, CC BY-SA 4.0
    (commons.wikimedia.org)




                                             608
                                       Image credits


    (middle) Image reconstructed by the Ahmadi Religion of Peace and Light using source:
    Front page of a 5 Rupee Note, Contributers2020, CC BY-SA 4.0 (commons.wikimedia.org)
    (bottom) HK Museum of History One Dollar Banknote Legal Tender 1935, LungSanLau,
    CC BY-SA 3.0 (commons.wikimedia.org)
442 (top) US-$5-FRN-1934-A-Fr.2302, National Numismatic Collection, National Museum of
    American History, CC BY-SA 4.0 (en.wikipedia.org)
    (middle) RBI 5-rupee note, overprinted Government of Pakistan, 1947, Mike35741, public
    domain image (commons.wikimedia.org)

Chapter 35
464 Image by the Ahmadi Religion of Peace and Light
466 Ali al-Sistani, IsaKazimi, public domain image (commons.wikimedia.org)
467 (top) Princess Muna with sons 1964, Angelo Cozzi, public domain image
    (commons.wikimedia.org)
    (bottom) The Sovereign's Parade, Royal Military Academy, Sandhurst, Surrey, UK - 11 Aug
    2017, David Hartley (shutterstock.com)
468 Hashmite Banner, 圣本笃. public domain image (commons.wikimedia.org)
472 Image by the Ahmadi Religion of Peace and Light

Chapter 36
487 Bihar Al-Anwar, Al-Allamah Al-Majlisi, Vol. 53, p. 148 (shiaonlinelibrary.com)
493 Moses and Joshua in the Tabernacle (c. 1896-1902), James Tissot, The Jewish Museum,
    New York, public domain image (thejewishmuseum.org)

Chapter 37
498 King Abdullah bin Abdul al-Saud, Cherie Thurlby, public domain image
    (commons.wikimedia.org)
499 (left) O cial portrait of King Fahd bin Abdulaziz 1982, Saudi Press Agency, public domain
    image (commons.wikimedia.org)
    (right) King Fahd bin Abd al-Aziz Al Saud at Al-Yamamah Palace (cropped), Helene Stikkel,
    public domain image (commons.wikimedia.org)

Chapter 39
542 (top) The Anubis shrine and the container for the canopic jars, Elissa Ernst, CC BY-NC-SA
    2.0 ( ickr.com)
    (bottom) Steven Spielberg's incarnation of the Ark of the Covenant from the feature lm
    'Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the Lost Ark, mharrsch, CC BY-NC-SA 2.0 ( ickr.com)
543 Tutankhamun's Sarcophagus, Lynn Greyling, public domain image
    (publicdomainpictures.net)
544 (left) Winged Sphinx, Egisto Sani, CC BY-NC-SA 2.0 ( ickr.com)
    (right) Bronze Sphinx Vase Ornament Greek, Mary Harrsch, CC BY-NC-SA 2.0 ( ickr.com)
    (bottom) Sphinx of Taharqo, Prioryman, CC BY-SA 4.0 (commons.wikimedia.org)




                                             609
                                       Image credits


545 (top) Lamassu from the citadel of Sargon II, 2012, Steven Zucker, CC BY-NC-SA 2.0
    ( ickr.com)
    (middle) Lamassu from the citadel of Sargon II, Dur Sharrukin 2012, Steven Zucker, CC
    BY-NC-SA 2.0 ( ickr.com)
    (bottom) Hittite sphinx. Basalt, Istanbul, Osama Amin, CC BY-SA 4.0
    (commons.wikimedia.org)
547 Temple of Horus in Edfu, Nile River, Egypt, Elias Rovielo, CC BY-NC-SA 2.0 ( ickr.com)
548 Image recreated by the Ahmadi Religion of Peace and Light using source: The Divine
    Warrior in His Tent, A military model for Yahweh's tabernacle, M M Homan
549 The Procession of the Bull Apis, Frederick Bridgman, Satinandsilk, CC BY-SA
    4.0 (commons.wikimedia.org)
555 (left) The Egyptian god Ptah, Turin Museum, Italy, Roberto Venturini, CC BY 2.0
    ( ickr.com)
    (right) Image recreated by the Ahmadi Religion of Peace and Light (source unknown)
556 Khnum, accompanied by the goddess Heqet, Dendera Temple complex, Egypt, Roland
    Unger, CC BY-SA 3.0 (commons.wikimedia.org)
557 The judgement of the dead in the presence of Osiris, Papyrus of Hunefer, The British
    Museum, London, public domain image (britishmuseum.org)
561 Papyrus Anastasi II, 2-6, Late Egyptian Miscellanies, Bruxelles 1937. A H Gardiner

Chapter 40
574 Big Tree Protecting Little Tree Sunset, Madartists (dreamstime.com)




                                             610
611
